update : after getting a response from the developer i would change my rating to 0 stars if possible . these guys hide behind confusing and opaque terms and refuse to budge at all . i 'm so annoyed that my money has been lost to them ! really terrible customer experience . original : be very careful when signing up for a free trial of this app . if you happen to go over they automatically charge you for a full years subscription and refuse to refund . terrible customer experience and the app is just ok .
used it for a fair amount of time without any problems . suddenly then asked me to create an account or log using google or fb . i used my google one only to discover everything was gone !
your app sucks now ! ! ! ! ! used to be good but now does n't update until i physically open it up and then close it then scroll and then it finally shows what i want to put on the list ! ! ! ! ! ! and i friggen paid for this garbage ! ! ! ! ! ! !
it seems ok , but very basic . recurring tasks need some work to be actually useful . for example , it would be nice to be able to set a task to be recurring on the first of every month , without only being able to set that up on the first of the month . edit ; i also just noticed that there is no dark theme . both may be available as paid for options , but i 'll never know , since they are basic options and without them , i have no reason to try this app , and thus will never pay for actual premium options .
absolutely worthless . this app runs a prohibitively clunky interface that effectively voids the promise of ease-of-life automation . google calendar will provide all other services promised by any do for free with no annual subscription rate . do n't sign up for the free trial . it 's not worth getting pinged for forty bucks when you decide you do n't like it and forget to cancel it in time . save your money !
beware the trial period is a scam i 've been using the free version for a while and decided to try the premium for 7 days per the trial ad . after 5 days i realized it did n't quite organize my information how i best work so i wrote to cancel . they informed me that i must have accidentally signed up for a non trial and by their strict terms can not refund me . so i wrote back nicely that my intention was to try it per the ad , but they said it 's not possible . really ?
do n't buy premium ! you have to pay for an entire year upfront . and if you change your mind about the app , like i did , due to its odd inconsistent behavior with reaccuring tasks and reminders . you 're given 48 hours after the 7 day trial to qualify for a refund . after that you 're screwed . all most all of the issues started happening after that period ended . they obviously know they have problems with the app , just read their robotic responses to issues . any.do hides behind tos instead of helping
this could be an awesome app . it has great potential except for a few flaws that end up making it a super irritating app . i have reported these issues to the app 's tech support several times only to get lame responses with no resolutions . the latest being that when items are entered into a category in this app , the app for some reason resorts the sequence of items in my list automatically . i put these items in the list in a certain order for a reason . i have other issues , but no moreroomher
the app felt good enough for me to buy the yearly subscription , which i did and paid th 15€ it requested . but a week later they charged me 17 more euros to my credit card for the same subscription and the same features so i basically paid 32€ . that is a scam and unless i get my 17€ euros back i 'm gon na keep the rating at one star .
i downloaded it and login with google i never did anything just logged in with google . it has asking me many time for auto debit for subscription so i uninstalled it . but still 5 min before rs 909 debited from my account . this is the muging of money . i want refund my money in my account . kindly
this app is useless , it works as a notepad with your tasks in it , it does not notify you of tasks you suppose to do . when the time reaches it 's silent does n't pop up even though settings have permitted it to pop up and alert , even a simple alarm clock notified me of what to do .this app does n't work .
really disappointed to find recurring tasks functionality is only available with the paid version . would not recommend . also it does n't sort tasks by date and time properly .
loaded the trial then emailed about cancelation but email bounced back . ended up paying $ 36 for an app i did n't want . no way to contact for refund . be careful if you buy this . if you try the trial you 're stuck paying for it !
cant re-edit time that ive set , necessary to delete and redo the process . also , i need a reminder for every hour , and had to create 24 reminders instead of 1 reminder running every hour . poorly designed .
thanks to the developer for your quick response , however , this calendar is useless for our group without those features ... we decided to go with business calendar pro . previous comments : was n't able to see month or year view
this was originally a 5 star app , but now you can only use it by allowing it access to either your emails or facebook ! : enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : i am definitely not happy to allow this so have deleted the app . would give it zero stars if i could .
could n't even set up one single recurring reminder without being required to pay monthly subscription . get your greedy hand off it dev . it 's only only a reminder app not a useful service .
hey , there is something wrong here ... the billing i signed up for was for about 2 $ and not 35 $ from my account ... that is my tuition upkeep fee .... i berely even use your app even .... please i need back my refund ... this is n't right ... i would file a report to google play store .. this is totally scammy ... please you guys should totally avoid this app please . jesus christ i totally expected to be billed 2 $ ... all of a sudden its 35 $ ... no this is totally far frm being fair please
i reported about this app due to incorrect billing but noone answer me . please , return my money back because app took my money without my permission from my credit card .
the fact that you have to pay so much to use something so simple is n't worth it to me . there are free apps of similar functionality .
need premium level to import wunderlist . b.s . have to reset password everytime to login . so have n't been able to even try the app .
ca n't use it without registering with your email address . immediate uninstall .
complicated , dislike the pro version . microft to -do list is better
not close to do list . all features available bin premium mode only .
it slow down my flow when i turned on or click via home page widget there is a fade in effect or lagging , please kindly help check thank you
looked at it and it appears that the apps is signed as a subscription . trying to find out if it is subscriped or not . do not want the app .
this app would not let me start a new day . it listed my tasks that i performed for one day as overdue for the next day . just weird .
no month view ? ? how hard is it to find a decent calendar with a whole month view
just basic app without any exciting features . why i pay for this useless app . please do n't download it 's a cheat , waste of time and energy .
would have been nice to know the price before using up my data for download , just to be uninstalled seconds later
absolute rubbish , killing off wunderlist for this is a clear example of the domanant power of the big thugs microsoft , google , amazon etc. , taking over better competitors so they can push their inferior garbage . trying out ticktock now
deducted my money for no reason . i used the service once and then never used it . return my money immediately .
keeps failing to repeat some daily tasks . i 've had to remake the same tasks several times because they just wo n't stick for some reason . sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . it 's a complete gamble . now it 's more work just to figure out what tasks need done than it is to do the tasks themselves . uninstalling . this app is more maintenance than my daily chores .
just they copied google calendar and charging on top of that ... google calendar so far better ...
premium support has not contacted me for 3 days and counting ......
all i want is a calendar . this app spams you so much . 1 star
free version is very limited , and there are thousands of similar free apps that do what the paid one does . dev likes to argue this but the app is really not very useful unless you buy a monthly subscription . changed from 2 to 1 star for developer being actively misleading about this .
not free ! you will be billed without you knowing about the loss of your money .
worst app for premium , only yearly pay of rs 990. no option for monthly payment . bad app .
it looked good but it does n't work . i scheduled simple tasks and it would change the timing . i re corrected to make it right several times . the navigation was difficult . like i 'd want to set a task but then i 'd have to say the task was complete so would n't be sure it saved . could n't just back out to see the task was set correctly . had to confirm the task was done then undo the task for later which might then change the time to something i never set . : flushed_face :
i have used this app for months on a daily basis , and was finding it really useful . however the app recently forced me to do an update and all my tasks were deleted as a result , as were the specific categories i set up . i tried deleting the app fully and redownloading it to see if that helped but my tasks still did n't reappear , even though my diary is syncing ok. i have lost over 80 tasks and ca n't remember all the info included in each task . it has shaken my faith in using the app again , particularly as i have n't received a response to the message i sent the team via the support link several days ago now .
i really wanted to love this app . it does exactly what i need . unfortunately it 's riddled with bugs . mostly with repeat tasks . main one being . if your phone is powered off at a reminder time , it will break the reminder . resetting the task brings more issues . also takes 15min for the app to sync with the widget ! contacted `` priority support '' ( one reply a day ) . seems to have no real interest in fixing the problems . blamed it on nova launcher . same thing happens with samsung launcher .
no custom notification sounds ? ? ? really ?
used to be my go-to for my shopping list but 2 updates later it 's become frustrating and wasteful . as i 'm going through my saved items in each category to add it back to my list , the category just randomly closes and now i have to reopen it . before i could just run down the list and click on what i needed to add .
nothing but problems with this app . first smart lists did n't work , magically they started working the next morning and i thought everything was great . now alexa sync stopped working . it was working , then it stopped . it would sync to alexa if i added through any.do , but not if added through alexa voice . in my efforts to fix it i disabled the skill and now i cant get it to re-enable . what a mess .
a subscription for an app that simple ? are you insane ? it should be a one time payment no more , around 3-4 $ . this is my advice to you , you wo n't last long with this kind of strategy ...
any app that ignores your phone 's dark mode unless you pay for it is garbage .
this app seems useful . regretfully , i am going to uninstall it . it is too pushy , and keeps reminding me to use it . that is not my only issue with this app . a day or so ago , i found that it had put itself on my lock screen . i did not put it there . i specifically put the transit app on my lock screen . i changed it back , thinking i am uninstalling if this happens again . it happened again . this morning i noticed it changed back to any.do in the place where i want the transit app . goodbye any.do .
i like when this developers claim their apps are free , wait 95 % free ? ! you mean 5 % free , if even . data costs money , stop pretending this crappy apps are free . for an note app , this one is nothing but invasive .
i get it you want me to upgrade , not even tried the app and you shove it in my face . i do n't like at all how it 's all just promoting your pro version delete your account it wants your password for your gmail account this is a privacy breach also . so many things wrong with this app and their ethos . none of the integrations work unless you pay them . totally money grab these guys as i 've read elsewhere . i 've deleted it now , it made me feel they have been so intrusive with what they are doing
i have used this app on my previous android and it offers awesome features . however , it 's not working at all on installing on my new android redmi note 5. i have used this app before and i want this to be working at any cost . pls help me to resolve this . app does not launch next morning as it should do . after i add my tasks , it just does n't launch .
why does it require sign up ? edit : in response to the reply , it is ridiculous that i could n't even try the app before providing you with my details . i 've now found a wonderful app that allows me to skip the sign up unless i wish to sync etc . i 'll be sticking with that app because it is perfect and i only need to provide the info i wish to .
could n't find google assistant integration anywhere . even though it 's been advertised everywhere when searching the web for the app . edit : it 's even in the description of the app here . that 's false advertising . i will edit my review when it 's out of beta and working in the final version .
horribly simplistic . i found after i had paid for premium that there is no way to change the due date on an existing task . renders the program useless ! ! lacks other core functionalities ... but i would never ever have conceived that the due date on an existing task can not be changed . i was ripped off .
waste of time failed to pair with mu gmail account ... gave up after 5 attempts
upgraded and lost all my tasks from previous version ... very disappointed ! ! !
this app requires users to create an account with either fb or gmail to use it , then you find yourself in a 7 day free trial in order to pay later . not encouraging to even try it . at least inform users that 's it 's not free before asking access to their fb or gmail accounts .
do not download this app ! ! ! ! i unsubscribed from premium before they could charge me because i decided i could n't afford it ( i 'm a broke college student ) . they took my money anyway ! i tried to contact them ; they do n't have a number to call , so i emailed them . they told my they did n't charge me at all ! i asked them to give me the contact info of their financer so that i could send them my bank statement , and they ignored my emails . they stole my money ! ! ! do n't use this app , it is not worth it .
do not download this app if you want to keep money in your account- they took an unauthorized almost $ 40 out of my account . their help page says they offer refunds within 48 hours however they offer no access to claim a refund .
wo n't stop charging me after cancellation . when it happened again this year after they promised one year ago that they would stop . i had to actually cancel the credit card . upon reading the reviews i find that i am not the only one with this excessive billing issue .
free , but wants you to pay before using . social media not required , but wants you to register before using . popular company , popular enough to remove my last 1 star review and send me an email disputing it . plenty of better note taking apps exist . i highly advise against this invasive app .
not user friendly . directly asking for money.i already uninstalled
keeps notify me only sound without any notifications or any tasks and every time i open the app i got a pop up window with an old task that i finished already before along time ago . what is matter ? ? it was a good app !
tech support is so vague with their pricing . i 'm sorry but you just lost an interested customer . cancelled trial and any plans of subscribing to premium .
bad experience with the subscription , they refuse to give back the months i have n't used after canceling . just want the yearly subscription . the mac app crashes / gets stuck .
wow , completely annoying . trying to get you to buy premium on ever page . so much for trying it out .
installed and started setup . everything i installed this for requred a subscription . only install if you want to pay for everything . it probably should be stated that all the good points of this app require a subscription . i am now uninstalling this app .
used to like it , but now the shopping basket is missing and i ca n't make a grocery list anymore . very annoying .
shity app . on top of that i subscribed for monthly and they charge me the while year . and when i cancel my subscription , no return policy . my google reminder app is millions time better .
i hate apps that try to trick you into subscribing . be transparent about the conditions of use . for that alone i uninstalled this app straight away .
deceptive billing practices - information on cancelling is circular ; emailed a link that advises to email . does n't have colour tag functionality across web and app ; very poor ux and worse customer service .
i have canceled for the subscription when at the first time i used anydo . do i still have to pay ? i was try for free trial for the first i using this app .
you are replying its free app but in every option it shows you can get access to this tool after purchasing .
this app used to be good , but now the recurring reminder time changes everyday to the time you completed the task .
unusable without an account . even when i 'm not interested in any of the `` cloud '' features
i 've feel deceived by this app . there 's no assistant , the whatsapp integration does n't work also . i contacted support and got no answer . i 'm cancelling my subscription .
the premium version is advertised at r32 per year but if you tap it it changes to r300 odd . what 's up with that ?
downloaded the app ... uninstalled within the 5 days they offer you for free . now i noticed they charged me a full year subscription of 900+ inr . what a sneaky way to generate revenue ....
i never knew you could have a callender planner bug you so mutch it will definitely remind you of things and does not stop . not interested at all ...
very bad app not able to close my account . they are forcefully charging amount .
i 'm using one plus 7 android 10. alarm reminder does n't work at all .
very disappointing . complete waste of money ! now i add notes to a daily repeating calendar event ! free and easy
i purchsed for one month and try to integrate with whatsapp , its not working at all and even not able to click resend for otp
can not link with other google products , such as keep notes . the tags function forces user to upgrade .
ensure you read the comments re : payment . every critical comment is true and this app just is n't worth what you 're charged . i recommend you beware .
the font is too small for me to read , with no way to change it .
not able to set reminder of am . by default it is 'pm ' and not able to select 'am '
7 day trail but you have to fill all or card details and take subscription worst trick
hi . app states its free . yet there is a charge after 7 days . dont mislead people
how can i pay such an amount just for a to do list app . i 'm uninstalling it now ( 5 mins after installation )
will not work without connecting to an account .
i hope the calendar inside can keep the completed to-do list history .
immediately wants me to buy the full version of the app , while the demo part is not even that nice
this is not a multi-protocol task manager as the description false implies . this is a front end to their service . i could n't get past the first screen because it requires me to set up an account to sync . i use a private server capable of syncing things like tasks , exchange . most public clouds ( google , icloud , office365 , email providers ) have this capability , therefore why should i need to send my data elsewhere if it 's already on a server . the fact that data is not something you can touch does n't make it less valuable . be mindful of it , it * is * our most valuable asset today , it may not be tangible but it sure can be quantified endlessly . requiring signing up for any app is a huge red flag .
i had a premium . scam.the app is very pushy and annoying . i could n't get into 80 % of my incoming calls as it blocked the screen so the call does n't appear on the screen . you only hear it and hopelessly looking for the call screen that you only get once the call is dropped . you have to call back then . disturbing and annoying . i barely used this app as to maintain it takes a lot of time . i asked them to cancel they said they will not refund as more than 48h passed of yearly ( ! ) subscription .
it doesnt offer anything that i cant do on my google calendar . at least not in the free version . i 'm not going to pay for an app that is basically just going to import my google calendar , when i can do the same things with google for free . also , i saw another review where they have deleted reviews , which is shady . if this gets deleted , i 'll look into the legal laws governing false advertising .
cant change default theme to black ! it asks to change me plan from free to premium before doing so ! !
i am unable to subscribe app payment method declined
theres always something shifty to me about an app that shouldnt need a subscription for doing the absolute minimum . they make setting reminders too complicated and they 're hoping you forget to end your free trial before they start doing automatic payments , that 's just how most of these apps work . you 're better off setting an alarm on your phones clock and having that on repeat than you are using this .
manage subscription is not given in the app menu
disappointed , cant plan the same task over multiple days . manually adding same task to repeat each day is a downside . uninstalled .
ok
update : after getting a response from the developer i would change my rating to 0 stars if possible . these guys hide behind confusing and opaque terms and refuse to budge at all . i 'm so annoyed that my money has been lost to them ! really terrible customer experience . original : be very careful when signing up for a free trial of this app . if you happen to go over they automatically charge you for a full years subscription and refuse to refund . terrible customer experience and the app is just ok .
ca n't get it to finish installing and i have plenty if room . gets to 97 % and then stops . i will revise my review if i ever get to try it !
stop charging people for things that are simple . just use onenote . buy a great planner on amazon , copy the template and save your money .
used it for a fair amount of time without any problems . suddenly then asked me to create an account or log using google or fb . i used my google one only to discover everything was gone !
pay
useless it keeps erasing everything you have to dominate the app ! it should be easy
this app is bur futti randi chodari
no custom notification sounds ? ? ? really ?
your app sucks now ! ! ! ! ! used to be good but now does n't update until i physically open it up and then close it then scroll and then it finally shows what i want to put on the list ! ! ! ! ! ! and i friggen paid for this garbage ! ! ! ! ! ! !
delete
3.99 per month to make the app usable . pos
not worth $ 38 ...
i downloaded it and login with google i never did anything just logged in with google . it has asking me many time for auto debit for subscription so i uninstalled it . but still 5 min before rs 909 debited from my account . this is the muging of money . i want refund my money in my account . kindly
only 7 day trial . not sufficient . a month would be better
this app is super best
why should i pay for an app of which i have n't installed ? huh : angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face :
can not change themes anymore missing notifications liked it previously
isnt this basically a calendar that is for all phones .
the reminder does n't work at all .
in recurrent tasks if i skip marking one of them as `` done '' it does n't remind me the next time ( say after a week or next day if the repetition is set to daily )
does n't sync .
i have canceled for the subscription when at the first time i used anydo . do i still have to pay ? i was try for free trial for the first i using this app .
no help to be had . no tutorials available . after 3 days i could not even find out how to delete notes . perhaps i am just stupid . perhaps it does n't work with my phone . uninstalled and we 'll try something else to work with my google assistant .
really disappointed to find recurring tasks functionality is only available with the paid version . would not recommend . also it does n't sort tasks by date and time properly .
beware the trial period is a scam i 've been using the free version for a while and decided to try the premium for 7 days per the trial ad . after 5 days i realized it did n't quite organize my information how i best work so i wrote to cancel . they informed me that i must have accidentally signed up for a non trial and by their strict terms can not refund me . so i wrote back nicely that my intention was to try it per the ad , but they said it 's not possible . really ?
all i want is a calendar . this app spams you so much . 1 star
requires registration
please free the colour theme and tags and then i will give 5 stars
this app kept losing my reminders
did not work
just basic app without any exciting features . why i pay for this useless app . please do n't download it 's a cheat , waste of time and energy .
to much cost
not user friendly . directly asking for money.i already uninstalled
trashy app , a total waste of time : crossed_fingers_medium_skin_tone :
the app felt good enough for me to buy the yearly subscription , which i did and paid th 15€ it requested . but a week later they charged me 17 more euros to my credit card for the same subscription and the same features so i basically paid 32€ . that is a scam and unless i get my 17€ euros back i 'm gon na keep the rating at one star .
have to pay for a dark mode lol
absolutely worthless . this app runs a prohibitively clunky interface that effectively voids the promise of ease-of-life automation . google calendar will provide all other services promised by any do for free with no annual subscription rate . do n't sign up for the free trial . it 's not worth getting pinged for forty bucks when you decide you do n't like it and forget to cancel it in time . save your money !
worse
it seems ok , but very basic . recurring tasks need some work to be actually useful . for example , it would be nice to be able to set a task to be recurring on the first of every month , without only being able to set that up on the first of the month . edit ; i also just noticed that there is no dark theme . both may be available as paid for options , but i 'll never know , since they are basic options and without them , i have no reason to try this app , and thus will never pay for actual premium options .
i did the free trial and canceled this service . they charged me anyway not giving me any way to contact the company or get my money back . these people are rip offs i did n't even use their crappy app ......
i reported about this app due to incorrect billing but noone answer me . please , return my money back because app took my money without my permission from my credit card .
it was a great app until they ruined the widgets . i pay for premium membership which is supposed to include priority support , and yet their customer service is ignoring my requests for help . update : yes , customer support responded , but they did n't solve any of my issues ! these devs are great at not listening to their customers . i 've switched to a different task app and i 'm much happier ( tasks by stephen nottage , check it out ! )
it 's not free .
this app is useless , it works as a notepad with your tasks in it , it does not notify you of tasks you suppose to do . when the time reaches it 's silent does n't pop up even though settings have permitted it to pop up and alert , even a simple alarm clock notified me of what to do .this app does n't work .
can not cancel subscription
keeps crashing before i can even sign in .
loaded the trial then emailed about cancelation but email bounced back . ended up paying $ 36 for an app i did n't want . no way to contact for refund . be careful if you buy this . if you try the trial you 're stuck paying for it !
thanks to the developer for your quick response , however , this calendar is useless for our group without those features ... we decided to go with business calendar pro . previous comments : was n't able to see month or year view
hard , to use
how can i get my money back ?
i hate companies that make you needlessly create accounts . have a 1 star review as payment for my distaste .
upgraded and lost all my tasks from previous version ... very disappointed ! ! !
waste of time failed to pair with mu gmail account ... gave up after 5 attempts
the fact that you have to pay so much to use something so simple is n't worth it to me . there are free apps of similar functionality .
bad ux
not good
subscription based model for better features . happy to pay $ 20 once off if i really like an app , but not ongoing costs that can change any time .
impossible to cancel
terrible developer said could cancel anytime , believing developer , installed , then refuses to cancel for 7 days , after first payment , trickery , do not dowbnload
i 'm not going to even explain why one star
wants 2.99 per month to do things i can do for free with google .
complicated , dislike the pro version . microft to -do list is better
it does n't alarm
deducted my money for no reason . i used the service once and then never used it . return my money immediately .
i did n't even dare to use it as soon as it asked me $ 2.99 per month .
very confusing navigation .
need premium level to import wunderlist . b.s . have to reset password everytime to login . so have n't been able to even try the app .
it was a great application but the lastest versions do n't notify anymore about events and reminders .. i 'll uninstall the application because it 's useless . it 's ridiculous they know the problem and do n't do anything to fix it
worried about the security and having access to email and facebook good way to get hack and information stolen
i am unable to subscribe app payment method declined
this app do n't even deserve 1 star but no other way . in year 2020 , an app that just share task with other but not the time which is not that worth . secondly , no themes , no fun . give up this app .
any app that ignores your phone 's dark mode unless you pay for it is garbage .
not close to do list . all features available bin premium mode only .
one of your workers better get ahold of me within the next 24 hours because i do n't even use this app anymore having used it in months and you guys just took $ 35 out of my account i want my money now
not reminding . this app can not user friendly ?
it slow down my flow when i turned on or click via home page widget there is a fade in effect or lagging , please kindly help check thank you
warning : malevolent app . features intrusive pop-ups as soon as you unlock the phone and without even activating the app . high possibility of crashing your phone .
would have been nice to know the price before using up my data for download , just to be uninstalled seconds later
worst app for premium , only yearly pay of rs 990. no option for monthly payment . bad app .
this is not a multi-protocol task manager as the description false implies . this is a front end to their service . i could n't get past the first screen because it requires me to set up an account to sync . i use a private server capable of syncing things like tasks , exchange . most public clouds ( google , icloud , office365 , email providers ) have this capability , therefore why should i need to send my data elsewhere if it 's already on a server . the fact that data is not something you can touch does n't make it less valuable . be mindful of it , it * is * our most valuable asset today , it may not be tangible but it sure can be quantified endlessly . requiring signing up for any app is a huge red flag .
the 'free trail ' took my money ! up-front ! ! do not install ! ! ! ! so angry : enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face :
it 's trying to charge me money and i dont even have it installed .
absolute rubbish , killing off wunderlist for this is a clear example of the domanant power of the big thugs microsoft , google , amazon etc. , taking over better competitors so they can push their inferior garbage . trying out ticktock now
i was trying out to any.do free version . i had spent quite a bit of time making lists and suddenly one day they were entirely inaccessible . look like they let me put in a lot of dataand then after a certain point decide to hold that data the hostage until i paid them . i decided to not use any.do because after i pay them and started making more list , would they suddenly did n't demand that i paid them more per month in order to access all the information i had taking the time to put in ?
app is good , but very few options in free version . you guys should n't label the app as free . wasted my time trying this app .
that is very bad app .
`` all in one app free '' in the description . press continue and there is a request for € $ 20.99 . no thanks
this app would not let me start a new day . it listed my tasks that i performed for one day as overdue for the next day . just weird .
this was originally a 5 star app , but now you can only use it by allowing it access to either your emails or facebook ! : enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : i am definitely not happy to allow this so have deleted the app . would give it zero stars if i could .
just they copied google calendar and charging on top of that ... google calendar so far better ...
do not download this app if you want to keep money in your account- they took an unauthorized almost $ 40 out of my account . their help page says they offer refunds within 48 hours however they offer no access to claim a refund .
this provider will spam your email box with no option to unsubscribe . beware .
do not download this app . aftet update all my notes was gone
last update deleted all my tasks . looking for another app .
this could be an awesome app . it has great potential except for a few flaws that end up making it a super irritating app . i have reported these issues to the app 's tech support several times only to get lame responses with no resolutions . the latest being that when items are entered into a category in this app , the app for some reason resorts the sequence of items in my list automatically . i put these items in the list in a certain order for a reason . i have other issues , but no moreroomher
premium support has not contacted me for 3 days and counting ......
what the hackkkk i tried but it dsnt want get selled ... its not accpting any option of payment get way ... i tried debit card , upi , ... i love this app and want to purchase it plz resolve it
charged for subscription after cancelling trial and not even using the app .
it does n't sync up with google tasks . not worth the change . zapier does not work for android . zapier only works if you pay the premium fee plus it only gives the option to add new tasks and complete tasks when integrating with google tasks . it does not import current tasks previously created in google tasks . there is no way to transfer my 144 tasks from google to anydo . and i ca n't afford $ 72.00 right off the bat to do it .
new : great concept but not for confidential data because it 's not encrypted ( nor pw protected on phone or pc ) and , one day , any.do company will get hacked & all your stuff be be out there , like equifax . resolved : app loses your work . eg : i created a new task , started a `` notes '' section , pasted it in some material and clicked save . then i went to another app to get more material but when i returned to any.do , my notes were gone ! . your `` save '' button is fraudulent if it does not save when clicked !
list feature sucks ! i do n't need to manage myself so i ca n't speak to that functionality . i just wanted a list app , preferably one that worked with google assistant . although that feature works great , the list feature kind of sucks . in an attempt to look new and edgy , the user experience went down the drain . i found it clunky & irritating . i should n't have to add a new item to the grocery list just to be able to uncheck items i need again . and that 's just one of many irritations . anylist baby !
is there no way to assign a specific color to an event ? i like to group my meetings by color . if i ca n't do that , the app is n't useful for me .
hi developer . need to improve note module . it fix only for protrait view , which is when i 'm using landscape view ( tablet with keyboard ) , i need to adjust my head or the gadget . tq
it used to be a slick , minimal app that did what it needed to . then they kept adding layers of unneeded features and forced people to make an account just to use it . no thanks .
themes and location based reminders are under subscription . both are free on most of apps like this . thanks but no . i 'll pass and keep using google keep
it 's a fine app but logs me out every other time i go to use it .
no monthly recurring reminder features . ca n't even remind me when to pay the bills !
cant really set custom remindere . for example i need to be able to check a specific system every 3 hours with other variables .. cant do it
missing grocery list widget and quantity for grocery list items ! ! !
day 2 of trialling this . so far i 've had two location reminders fail , i ca n't label a location with more than one letter , the only time based reminder that 's fired did so while on a phone call so i do n't know what it sounds like , not that i can change the sound anyway because the instructions do n't work . i had no idea what the buttons meant so the first one tapped the task got snoozed for 28 hours . how is that a typical snooze length ? adding anything more than a basic list item is not intuitive
i can t select weekly days which days i need remainder , and this drawback of app , best to go with other app
very average app , not intuitive . will probably spend more time trying to plan than doing
i was willing to give this a try to see if it suits my needs . seemed ok , with limited use so far . the only thing more annoying than constant notifications from apps is at 9am when my phone vibrates and any.do takes over the whole screen and asks me to plan my day . i do n't need it taking over things , i will plan when i want . are you seriously doing this ? it is the equivalent of a browser popup and very annoying .
i had made an account for this app a long time ago but did n't use it for long and i forgot why until i re-downloaded it today . this is one of those apps that 's incredibly frustrating because a lot of the main advertised features are behind a pay wall and/or you have to make an additional account for . paying more than $ 1/mo for a list app is ridiculous . if anything it should be a one-time purchase .
ca n't clean up old alexa lists ! we use this purely for the alexa shopping list integration . however , early on it was very buggy , so we had to relink our alexa account a number of times . and now we have like 4 or 5 old `` alexa shopping list '' s that we can not delete ! `` alexa lists can not be modified with any.do . you can do it from the alexa app '' ... no , i can not , because it only deletes the working one !
i was about to jump wholeheartedly into using this app ( its integration with google calendar being exactly what i 'm looking for ) but now i see that it has no search feature on android . worse still , android search has been on their roadmap since 2015 and it 's still not done . 2015 ! ? ! in the meantime other apps can build smart lists it out of tags , status and free text . seriously behind the curve , guys .
unable to edit time for reminder . s7
syncing with alexa takes over 10-15 minutes which renders it unusable . any.do , before you post your generic response : yes , i added the skill to my alexa and , yes , i logged into my accounts . it syncs ... kind of ... so i can verify the two accounts are talking ... just not well at all . when i use wunderlist or google tasks or just alexa by itself , the changes are instantly viewable across all platforms . the only reason i downloaded with app was to give me more control over my alexa lists ( which for some insane reason you can not reorder ) . the extremely lag in syncing any.do with alexa renders this app useless . the ui looks really nice and user friendly , so i bumped it up to 2 stars .
i 'm a student and was looking for something get myself very organized . i have tried series of productivity apps before . apparently this had one of the features i have always been looking for ; integration with other apps which i love . two things i found disappointing , features are extremely limited without premium , it 's almost impossible to use like that also very expensive . i could n't find statistics ; from totally hours and other reports
i am a paid user of this app . i like this app a lot , until android 10. they claim what they used to do is not possible but that is not true because another app i use ( daylio ) has a nice notification that jumps out at you , like any.do used to . now any.do gives a regular ignorable notification which you click and the app does something on the screen and is pretty pathetic , then it gives it 's notification to plan your day . so it 's two clicks with a big visual pause in between . not cool . : thumbs_down :
so far so good ... bit expensive having to purchase a yearly basis to access basic functions as color tags and what comes with it . translation to greek is not fluent for the price tag / annually i would apprechiate developers look closer at them . will give it a try before committing on purchasing it per year . on a positive note love the widget ( using however nova launcher ) . current rating will change based on the experience .
i used to love it . it was my go to app for many years . but over the time it is losing the special status . it does n't have travel time anymore which was the main reason why i could stay on top of things without mentally having to calculate each meeting and setting the times . they removed that !
good shared tasks , but app itself makes me angry .. it keeps forgetting i am logged in with my google account .. so i need to login for like each two weeks or so .. and it also forgets my settings ... edit : unfortunately this has not been fixed yet , even though i had sent logs and communicated with you . decreasing my rating .
have to create an account just to check out functionality . do n't want to do that . uninstalling .
i liked using this app but i recently noticed that important information i had saved in sub tasks has all been deleted . its happened before and i thought i had made a mistake . but no , it 's just this app malfunctioning .
it works well , but i do not recall subscribing to a $ 28/year subscription.i thought i purchased it until i saw that it was renewed for an additional $ 28 . it 's not good enough to justify that price .
allowed all the permissions for this app but i still ca n't get the reminder to work on my smartphone running android 8. downloaded a different reminder app and also allowed all permissions for it , and it worked well .
over all good task manager . but i do not like misleading and untrue boasts about integration with ms outlook . it is possible but only via zappier plus functionality is limited . not possible to sync task between this 2apps .
pretty with nice add ons and integrations but more than once i 've gone back to a long list i created to find it gone or reverted back to a very old version , so annoying . do n't need the song and dance this app offers if it ca n't save a basic list
many times i 've put sub tasks on my to-do tasks and they just disappear for some reason . i 've forgotten many things because of this and still has n't been fixed despite various updates .
i love this app , but recently the app keeps crashing everytime i enter . plus the calendar is completely wrong . : confused_face :
amount debited for renewal with out any notice . no option in the app for cancelation of auto renewal . dont even recollect there was a option for auto renewal and i have given consent . please look into .
looks like a copy of an iphone app . im not impressed by the huge bar in the bottom or the single colored ui . a night mode should come standard
i dont like how it charged me automatically after the free trial without informing me expiry of trial or if i wanted to subscribe to the paid service
excellent app but ... google assistant support / integration is in `` coming soon '' state for about 2 yeas . is there a chance to see it available in next 5 or 10 years ?
i love this app but i do n't know what 's happened the notifications for reminders dont work . whenever i try to set the time zone it 's force stops
not a great user interface . have been using for almost 2 months but still struggling
the alarm feature does not work , which leads to missing the tasks .
questionable experience . upgraded to premium but whatsapp integration is not working . seems a little confusing .
when you switch the language , you get wierd bug that your app is half in english half in selected language
trying to set a reoccuring event changes the date to one day before what i set it as . trying to change the date back just creates a second event . then trying to delete both events takes several tries , because half the time they do n't actually delete . this is really annoying .
i love the app but i wish there was a separate page for notes . ( i know that you can add notes when you create a task ) , but i 'd like to see a designated page just for notes . other than that i never liked subscription models , i think way more people would actually buy it , myself included if it would be a one time fee .
it sorely needs and undo ( & backup/restore/revert ) feature in case we accidentally touch/swipe a circle/bullet which then gets unintentionally deleted immediately ( which i find incredibly frustrating ) . ( it also needs a flexible feature to import & export other common text/data formats like csv , xml , events to & from calendar… not just copy reminders to tasks ) if google fixes all that then i 'd give it 5-stars !
there should be a dark mode instead of setting through a premium theme option
ah yes , wan na use an `` advanced '' calendar ? well , turns out you must have an account for that . what 's that , your eyes are burning under this bright theme ? well we have a solution just for you ! as you have seen in our tips , you can change the theme . oh w o p s , no you ca n't , how silly of us to not tell you in tips that ~buy our premium ! ! ! ~ ... //maybe it 's just not what i was looking for ...
too much spam . stuff that i do n't care for pops up on my screen all the time and blocking those also blocked the reminders i wanted the app for . also , too many emails . i do n't want more clutter to `` organize '' my life .
recurring tasks are very glitchy - they sometimes change the day or time when they recur . per any.do 's request i sent them a video of this happening ... crickets . no explanation or acknowledgement and no refund as i requested . fine otherwise , but i rely on recurring items .
i tried it years ago and never really got it going . then i switched to wunderlist and became an organized machine ! now wunderlist is being retired , so i thought i 'd try again , guessing it would be much better by now and that my ability to use it to my advantage would be vastly improved . nope . no ability for folders or some other way to group lists together so i do n't have to flip through all my lists to find the one i want . not even a list view to make them easier to find .
only rated 2 stars because of the ability to sync with the calendar apps on the phone and the ability to cross out any tasks once finished . however , the app is fairly simple with tasks laid out like a shopping or to do list with the inability to edit the timings of tasks . i had set an appointment for 1:30 but the app had automatically set it for 10:00 am and not allowing me to edit it . also , it would have been nice for the tasks to be laid out in calendar format with color-coding options .
i do n't care for it , when i first opened it it showed me all these appointments . i was thinking what the heck then i figured out it was showing me weeks passed along with the current . to me that 's just a bunch of clutter . then it was telling me i had five appointments this month , no , only have one , it only showed the one but it still says 5. i do n't have a clue what the other four are . anytime i try to do anyting it practically begged me to join premium , i just uninstalled it .
not so great . the user interface is not friendly . making the to do list takes far too long and theres no way ( that i found ) to make a list that repeats daily . i 'll just stick to google keep .
was interested in trying out the premium features until i saw that they 're a subscription , and a ridiculously priced one at that . unfortunately the simple functionality of note taking , which used to be handled very well by many apps seems to be harder to come by . have n't found an app yet that will integrate with google assistant in any useful way .
the `` not completed '' tasks do not carry over to the next day automatically . i wanted an app that would constantly flash incomplete tasks in my home screen . otherwise , presentation of the app is good .
nested can be improved
it 's very simple , and it 's interface is so beautiful . why did i put 2 stars then ? because most of it features are limited to the paid edition , even the important ones .
the actual free version does n't allow you anything , not even to learn how to use the app properly . that role is filled by 7 days of free premium . the free , on the description , is a lie . is a paid-only app with temporary free access to its full features that gets practically useless after the 7-day trial . if you can get past that sort of business practice to actually try it i think the app may be great , but i do n't like to be lied to . edit : i opted for tictic after some experiments .
could have been a good free app . nice design , good ideas but the free version keeps forgetting the task alarm i configured . i put it at 6 but it resets it at 9. do n't know about the paid one .
looks really good but ... i 'm not going to pay a subscription for it , sorry . if you said one off payment then maybe . most of the locked features are available in other products out there .
recurring tasks are behind a pay wall . ridiculous to have to pay a monthly subscription for such a simple feature app is a little ugly and not customisable .
it 's actually a really good app but because you ca n't disable pop up reminders it becomes really useless . those pop ups disturb while doing other things with the phone and sometimes even block the screen while driving . i 'd like to receive all notifications but only in the status bar , just like any other app .
just trying it out . seems like a great app but has a really , really basic miss that i saw referenced in another review : theres no intuitive way to specify or change the time of a task . tasks are all just all automatically set for 9 am and theres not visable button or option to change the time . the other user mentioned trying to use google to figure out how . but such a basic miss seems like a flag that maybe i should try a different app .
it 's very confusing . i got the calendar app that was suggested to me when i wanted to use the widget , but once i started using the calendar along with any.do the tasks notifications got duplicated . i do n't see the point of having any.do when the calendar app does the same thing .
premium version is too much expensive . any.do should provide an option in which we can select max . 3 to 5 apps for integration in premium version & pay accordingly .
it 's a mess . i add new tasks and tag them . but they will randomly disappear , reappear . and the tags will disappear . editing and adding them back in does n't help because once a tag disappears you ca n't add it back in again . disappearing tasks is the worst because there 's no warning . they 're just gone . they 're not listed as complete , they just disappear . sometimes they 'll come back but sometimes i have to re-enter them ... assuming i remember . i pay for this app , so the fact that the basic functionality of keeping my list intact is random and spotty is unacceptable . it may have something to do with syncing ... no idea . but either way , i 'm going to use another app because i just do n't trust it anymore . these errors seem to be recent , like in the last 3 months .
`` 95 % of our features are free '' this is not true , almost every feature i try to use takes me to the premium option . just started trying this app , even setting the color to the task is not free .
stupid popup reminding me to add reminders or do something covers my keypad and stays for a long time with no way to close it . i ca n't keep checked off items . it reminds me multiple times , every couple of seconds , to clear off the checked items , again blocking me . i ca n't move items between lists and if there is a way , it is n't easy enough for me to figure out . cumbersome .
app not bad but very limited unless you pay . downloaded this app after reading in the news about it 's whatsapp integration . that is only available if you pay . without the paid for aspects this application is like any other generic calender app .
the latest update is terrible . i always organized everything by date of the reminder , which is usually set on the day that it 's due , but now i ca n't even see the due date of each task . i have to click on each task for the the date to appear . in addition , i usually organize each task by tags , the date , recurring if needed , and other details . there 's no easy way to adjust all these details anymore . you have to click on each separate icon to fix these to what you want . i use the app begrudgingly .
must register with email , google or fb -- displaying your email address -- just to get onto app . smack dab near beginning of setup process ( full page , per each setting ) , a full page ad to buy premium version appears . getting into app ? -- stayed just a min , with the boxed , staring at the boxed , text notification that we have seven ( 7 ) days to try app for free . already concerned about/not liking having to register online to use , stopped setup process , at that page . uninstalling right now .
brilliant app for older versions of android . this app have helped me keep track of my tasks at work and personal very effectively for years . it is very easy to use . i have upgraded to android oreo , and reminder pop up stopped for my tasks . contacted support , but they could n't figure out how to fix . i appreciate they tried their best . i 've migrated to splendo as a stop gap arrangement till i find a better app as good as any.do . 2 * given , as this app is working just as a notepad to me to list tasks , but i do n't get any form of reminders .
still no search for android ? tags ca n't sorted ? if i use this program for even a month i 'll have a jumbled mess that will take forever to find things . unusable . two stars for calendar integration and manual sort .
at first i thought 'wow this can do everything ! it 's exactly what i need . ' when i downloaded it and got to test it out , i noticed the features i needed the most were on premium . i 'm fine with that , but only if premium was a one time payment . not monthly payments for a membership . monthly payments are for bills , taxes , video subscriptions , vpns , maybe even online storage subscriptions , but most definitely not calendars or to do lists . those should stay as free or a small one time payment .
this is a nicely made app and premium is cheap , but one critical flaw is the reminder sound runs through the ringtone channel instead of the alarm channel , or even the media channel . so unless you enjoy hearing every single notification go off on your phone or your ears are super sensitive to vibrations from across the room this app is not fit for purpose . a shame i just pooched my free trial now
i really liked the app for its simplicity . that changed tremendously with the recent updates . for example , it now takes me 10 clicks to postpone a single task ! people use to do apps to improve their efficiency , but this app is n't efficient anymore at all . i hope the simplicity comes back with future updates ...
this is a good app with somewhat helpful widgets . the widget calendar should include tasks on individual days . events and their notification settings are lacking . if i want to be notified 2 weeks in advance , i simply ca n't .. in google calender , i can set it 4 weeks in advance . with this app i have to set the event date 1 week before it happens and set the notification to 1 week in advance in order to get 2 week notice . these restrictions are a dealbreaker .
i used to depend on this app to basically run my life , until i installed the latest ( as of mar 19 ) update . now it does n't sync properly with my smartwatch -- ticking tasks off on my watch no longer marks them complete on my phone . also , the widget is broken now , and does n't reflect changes i 've made unless i restart my phone . i sent a support request to the help team , but have gotten total radio silence . if they do n't fix it , i 'm cancelling my subscription . right now it 's not worth paying for .
i find the app inflexible and buggy , with a counter intuitive ui . how to delete or rename tags was not obvious . using the back button would often exit the app at unusual times . after adding a new tag the app would n't allow me to do anything until i exited and restarted . plus , the premium features seem more like essential features , to me . looking for an alternative app as we speak .
frustrated that all the useful features are only for premium . not complaining that they are set up that way , but that they dont let you know until you are set up . also its calendar wont work unless you import an external calendar ? defeats the purpose of having a separate calendar . without premium its identical to a hundred other free apps .
i had hope for this calendar app but apparently in order to see the calendar in a normal format as to the list format , you have to pay a premium , & that is not what i want to do . i 'm very disappointed uninstalling & will be looking for another calendar app . all in all it seams like a good calender app but just not for me .
once the app reinstalled itself and i lost everything . i still have no idea why it did this . also , it often does n't open when i first tap the icon . if i tap it multiple times it eventually opens within a particular task . i found it frustrating and i 've now uninstalled it . it would be a great app if some of these bugs could be resolved .
nawww , sorry your yearly subscription price scared me off . by the time i 've subscribed to every app i consider helpful i 'm spending waaay too much . i would have liked it but i have other much more important bills to pay . the low stars is due to the price and there 's no point in coming back to justify it because it 'll still be too much for me . edit : i know that i can use it for free , but then i 'd still have to put up with ads . surprisingly i do n't like ads . i still consider your sub too much .
the app would work great ; if it only reminded you when you wanted it too ... what i mean is , it would certainly remind me of my scheduled tasks . that great ! but , it would also randomly interrupt me to `` plan my day '' . if i did n't add something to my schedule , then i dont need a reminder . so stop fracking interrupting my daily phone use at random times , and sending me false notifications .
the notification bar does not work . the `` add task '' option appears , i enter the task and click on the icon , there 's just a progress spinner . the `` close '' icon does not dismiss the notification bar either . how inconvenient . had this issue in oreo too . right now i am on nougat . also the animations inside the app are slow . the icon where you tap to 'tick ' the task is very small .
deleted review accidentally . 1. i create habit type tasks : the ones that repeat regularly . i do n't even dream to have a habit/statistical section , but there has to be a way to skip or fail the repeatable task . now i only can delete it , but is is not representative way . 2. there has to be a way to exclude a list from the `` all tasks '' list . for example i have list with books to read and films to watch . a lot of tasks , that look bad in the `` all tasks '' list , i loose real important `` no date '' tasks because of it . you redirect me to your uservoice , but according to it excluding list from `` all tasks '' list has been `` in roadmap '' for 2 years , do n't think you really care and your uservoice makes any difference . i know that adding habit tracker might be a heavy feature , but failing the task , or skipping it ? hell no . as well as excluding lists feature , it 's also an easy one . but two years ? meh . just do n't pretend you care , be straightforward , like , 'we wo n't do it in the nearest future , not in our plans ' .
i had installed the trial version but did not use and it was of no use at my end . to my surprise i see today getting an sms from vodafone to be charged rs.1028 for one year subscription . i contacted vodafone and they told me to delete .the app within 48hrs of installation which i did . pl cancel this subscription as its of no use to me so that this charges could be credited back by vodafone to me . developer - pl refund back my money as i dont use it .
it constantly crashes and misses a lot of functionality . hard to use and annoys with some popups that can be discarded only by closing app and then opening it again and permanent noticfaction that ca n't be disabled . payd 30 euro for this and used for month before it got so annoying that i started to look for another app . fortunately i found one - todoist . it 's unbelievable how much better that is . also there is version of todoist for pc , for your smart watch and even as browser extension which allows you to easily set a certain web page as task . and all these are synced .
loved this app until i recently realized that i dont use it half as much.it all started w/ a major update.if you click to put a task for tomorrow the calendar will still put you on the date of ? so u then have to change it to tomorrow.then you have to go through not one but possibly 2-3 steps to tell it a time ? on an analog clock ? its 2019 who still uses analog clocks ? one step for the hour another for the minutes and another for am/pm. & if u mess up thats it u have to start over . too many steps
* * * update 5/29/19 - i decided to go ahead & do the trial so i could see how the location reminder works . so far i 've tried about 3 different locations & none of them have updated . one of them was even my home . this was about 30 mins ago ! i 've been waiting for the app to work with google assistant . it 's been saying '' coming soon '' for quite some time . when this happens i may consider doing the premium . until then the 7 day trial is pointless to see how the service completely works . maybe one day ... : sad_but_relieved_face :
easy setup for the most part but ended up deleting it . only one level of subtasks makes the to do list suboptimal . only links to google based calendars so my work , school and personal calendars are n't seen . [ there is a disconnect between the app and the referenced article 's options and instructions ] . i do n't mind paying for premium features as long as it is a one-time payment , the whole saas model is annoying .
the concept is good but the execution lacks . there are constant issues with server sync , and since the server side has priority , updates i make on the phone regularly get wiped out . every so often the app will prompt me to log in again when i open it ... this time it just kicked me out while i was actively using it and updating a list , made me log in again , and did n't keep anything i had already done ! my wife already gave up on it and i will probably look elsewhere too
not a fan of being constantly reminded the moment i begin 2 experience your app that every setting or option is not fully functional or could be better with a subscription everytime i look @ settings i 'm reminded , when i configure the app i 'm told about the subscription of $ 35/year . how bout letting users experience the full benefits of what u have 2 offer for 30 days b4 making us sign a yearly sub instead of 7 day free trial ? this is an opportunity 4 u to humble your customer base # sunriseapp
sorry , not impressed i 'm sorry to leave a poor review , but i thought it best to let the developers and others know i had so many challenges with it i would n't know where to begin . : ( update : although i initially gave the app a one star , i upgraded to two because their response was kind and professional . they asked for details of the challenges i had with the app and were genuinely pleasant to correspond with . so if you have a complaint , share kindly because they really do care . : )
this app was fantastic when i first downloaded . however , now my monthly recurring task pops up evey day . no idea why . when it was n't doing that before . i 've tried deleting and adding again . but , it does the same thing . really annoying .
for something that is supposed to comprehensive , i am disappointed that the app lacks allowing you to set a start date , end date , and designate progress for tasks . this app does n't meet my needs , as most of my tasks are not associated with a single date .
worked great at first but continously does not sync completely with alexa . i only use this app as a shopping list with alexa , but when it only shows 4 of 10 items on my list it 's pretty useless . the purpose of the list is so that i do n't have to remember the 10 items i told alexa to add to the list ( which show up on todoist )
ca n't change font sizes ( old guy ) and even with premium trial , can not change recurring task to monthly day of month from monthly day of week . or , i should say you can make the change , but next time viewing task it shows - repeat every third monday of the month - rather than - every month on the 20th . also , i do n't see a way to force sync account , . . . if that matters .
hard-to-read interface . tiny font makes it such a strain . no contrast option available either , as far as i can tell . reminder times are displayed in an even more unfriendly font . not everyone has perfect vision . disappointed that the creators of this app have n't thought this through .
heavily intrusive , pop-ups each time phone is unlocked . monetized . poorly designed , difficult to make custom named to-do lists
decent but a pain in bums . to have an alarm go out every morning at 9:00 am just to remind you to plan your day is out right stupid . i 'm not mental pigmy . i can do things for myself .
you reaaallllyyy do n't have a lot without paying
ca n't add more than 5 task to calendar without monthly fee .
the design is nice but it does n't understand when i said 'later ' . when i said remind me tomorrow morning , it replied okay i 'll be reminded tomorrow at 16:00+ . that 's afternoon . i 'll be very well roasted by my boss by then . ca n't find any help on these issues . was close to confirming my subscription . sad : frowning_face :
premium version only
is there no way to assign a specific color to an event ? i like to group my meetings by color . if i ca n't do that , the app is n't useful for me .
trying to set a reoccuring event changes the date to one day before what i set it as . trying to change the date back just creates a second event . then trying to delete both events takes several tries , because half the time they do n't actually delete . this is really annoying .
weak and underdeveloped platform . do n't expect support to treat you like a person - this is a company that just wants your money and then to forget about you .
recurring tasks are very glitchy - they sometimes change the day or time when they recur . per any.do 's request i sent them a video of this happening ... crickets . no explanation or acknowledgement and no refund as i requested . fine otherwise , but i rely on recurring items .
missing grocery list widget and quantity for grocery list items ! ! !
it does n't sync up with google tasks . not worth the change . zapier does not work for android . zapier only works if you pay the premium fee plus it only gives the option to add new tasks and complete tasks when integrating with google tasks . it does not import current tasks previously created in google tasks . there is no way to transfer my 144 tasks from google to anydo . and i ca n't afford $ 72.00 right off the bat to do it .
new : great concept but not for confidential data because it 's not encrypted ( nor pw protected on phone or pc ) and , one day , any.do company will get hacked & all your stuff be be out there , like equifax . resolved : app loses your work . eg : i created a new task , started a `` notes '' section , pasted it in some material and clicked save . then i went to another app to get more material but when i returned to any.do , my notes were gone ! . your `` save '' button is fraudulent if it does not save when clicked !
nested can be improved
it 's a fine app but logs me out every other time i go to use it .
hi developer . need to improve note module . it fix only for protrait view , which is when i 'm using landscape view ( tablet with keyboard ) , i need to adjust my head or the gadget . tq
recurring tasks are behind a pay wall . ridiculous to have to pay a monthly subscription for such a simple feature app is a little ugly and not customisable .
themes and location based reminders are under subscription . both are free on most of apps like this . thanks but no . i 'll pass and keep using google keep
not so great . the user interface is not friendly . making the to do list takes far too long and theres no way ( that i found ) to make a list that repeats daily . i 'll just stick to google keep .
strange thing . when i mark recurrent tasks as done in web desktop version into the upcoming section .
notification is now pathetic .. shame . i liked it a lot . i think its time to jump ship . it 's been fun .
after all this time you still can not search tasks on android . so you have to look through every task you have created and through each list to find what task you are looking for . going down to 2 star .
not free
muito limitador pra quem não paga pra usa , e nem é tão vom assim .
it used to be a slick , minimal app that did what it needed to . then they kept adding layers of unneeded features and forced people to make an account just to use it . no thanks .
слишком сложно , но при этом нет того , что нужно . очень много возможностей , но не смог элементарно сделать todo список на _каждый_ день . и постоянно лезут с предложением купить премиум . да не вопрос , если бы был необходимый функционал . ощущение , что приложение разработано рубить бабло , но при этом не задумываясь о потребностях пользователя .
no monthly recurring reminder features . ca n't even remind me when to pay the bills !
have to create an account just to check out functionality . do n't want to do that . uninstalling .
i love the app but i wish there was a separate page for notes . ( i know that you can add notes when you create a task ) , but i 'd like to see a designated page just for notes . other than that i never liked subscription models , i think way more people would actually buy it , myself included if it would be a one time fee .
how do i unsubscribe this useless app ?
list feature sucks ! i do n't need to manage myself so i ca n't speak to that functionality . i just wanted a list app , preferably one that worked with google assistant . although that feature works great , the list feature kind of sucks . in an attempt to look new and edgy , the user experience went down the drain . i found it clunky & irritating . i should n't have to add a new item to the grocery list just to be able to uncheck items i need again . and that 's just one of many irritations . anylist baby !
update : used to be great . now they 've added so many steps it 's no longer the simple app it used to be . very disappointed .
i can t select weekly days which days i need remainder , and this drawback of app , best to go with other app
uninstalled after latest update and it blocked all my lists until i set up an account . no thanks .
the `` not completed '' tasks do not carry over to the next day automatically . i wanted an app that would constantly flash incomplete tasks in my home screen . otherwise , presentation of the app is good .
very average app , not intuitive . will probably spend more time trying to plan than doing
i dont liek it rlly
premium version is too much expensive . any.do should provide an option in which we can select max . 3 to 5 apps for integration in premium version & pay accordingly .
looks really good but ... i 'm not going to pay a subscription for it , sorry . if you said one off payment then maybe . most of the locked features are available in other products out there .
well designed and all however alot of the crutial features are locked behind the premium which u need to pay for
unable to edit time for reminder . s7
cant really set custom remindere . for example i need to be able to check a specific system every 3 hours with other variables .. cant do it
could have been a good free app . nice design , good ideas but the free version keeps forgetting the task alarm i configured . i put it at 6 but it resets it at 9. do n't know about the paid one .
hi there , i would like to know if this application is for free or do i need to pay for it ? thank you for your answer .
day 2 of trialling this . so far i 've had two location reminders fail , i ca n't label a location with more than one letter , the only time based reminder that 's fired did so while on a phone call so i do n't know what it sounds like , not that i can change the sound anyway because the instructions do n't work . i had no idea what the buttons meant so the first one tapped the task got snoozed for 28 hours . how is that a typical snooze length ? adding anything more than a basic list item is not intuitive
i want to discontinue and it was monthly base they charge me yearly it 's very sad pls help and refund
it sorely needs and undo ( & backup/restore/revert ) feature in case we accidentally touch/swipe a circle/bullet which then gets unintentionally deleted immediately ( which i find incredibly frustrating ) . ( it also needs a flexible feature to import & export other common text/data formats like csv , xml , events to & from calendar… not just copy reminders to tasks ) if google fixes all that then i 'd give it 5-stars !
i love this app , but recently the app keeps crashing everytime i enter . plus the calendar is completely wrong . : confused_face :
no dark theme without a premium subscription ? ok
it 's very simple , and it 's interface is so beautiful . why did i put 2 stars then ? because most of it features are limited to the paid edition , even the important ones .
looks like a copy of an iphone app . im not impressed by the huge bar in the bottom or the single colored ui . a night mode should come standard
there is no sound
too much spam . stuff that i do n't care for pops up on my screen all the time and blocking those also blocked the reminders i wanted the app for . also , too many emails . i do n't want more clutter to `` organize '' my life .
very productive
i dont like how it charged me automatically after the free trial without informing me expiry of trial or if i wanted to subscribe to the paid service
not a great user interface . have been using for almost 2 months but still struggling
hate subscription uninstalled
does this app work without internet connection also ?
gaada waktu kapan harus selesai .. jadi kurang detail
over all good task manager . but i do not like misleading and untrue boasts about integration with ms outlook . it is possible but only via zappier plus functionality is limited . not possible to sync task between this 2apps .
sharing did n't work , there 's a permanent notification and everything is premium option , even the theme !
i was willing to give this a try to see if it suits my needs . seemed ok , with limited use so far . the only thing more annoying than constant notifications from apps is at 9am when my phone vibrates and any.do takes over the whole screen and asks me to plan my day . i do n't need it taking over things , i will plan when i want . are you seriously doing this ? it is the equivalent of a browser popup and very annoying .
syncing with alexa takes over 10-15 minutes which renders it unusable . any.do , before you post your generic response : yes , i added the skill to my alexa and , yes , i logged into my accounts . it syncs ... kind of ... so i can verify the two accounts are talking ... just not well at all . when i use wunderlist or google tasks or just alexa by itself , the changes are instantly viewable across all platforms . the only reason i downloaded with app was to give me more control over my alexa lists ( which for some insane reason you can not reorder ) . the extremely lag in syncing any.do with alexa renders this app useless . the ui looks really nice and user friendly , so i bumped it up to 2 stars .
i do n't care for it , when i first opened it it showed me all these appointments . i was thinking what the heck then i figured out it was showing me weeks passed along with the current . to me that 's just a bunch of clutter . then it was telling me i had five appointments this month , no , only have one , it only showed the one but it still says 5. i do n't have a clue what the other four are . anytime i try to do anyting it practically begged me to join premium , i just uninstalled it .
good until it started wanting money for doing its job
pretty with nice add ons and integrations but more than once i 've gone back to a long list i created to find it gone or reverted back to a very old version , so annoying . do n't need the song and dance this app offers if it ca n't save a basic list
i was about to jump wholeheartedly into using this app ( its integration with google calendar being exactly what i 'm looking for ) but now i see that it has no search feature on android . worse still , android search has been on their roadmap since 2015 and it 's still not done . 2015 ! ? ! in the meantime other apps can build smart lists it out of tags , status and free text . seriously behind the curve , guys .
wear os app only supports adding tasks , not viewing existing ones ( without reminders )
i tried it years ago and never really got it going . then i switched to wunderlist and became an organized machine ! now wunderlist is being retired , so i thought i 'd try again , guessing it would be much better by now and that my ability to use it to my advantage would be vastly improved . nope . no ability for folders or some other way to group lists together so i do n't have to flip through all my lists to find the one i want . not even a list view to make them easier to find .
downloads the app but package file is invalid error pops up before completing installation
it 's very confusing . i got the calendar app that was suggested to me when i wanted to use the widget , but once i started using the calendar along with any.do the tasks notifications got duplicated . i do n't see the point of having any.do when the calendar app does the same thing .
so far so good ... bit expensive having to purchase a yearly basis to access basic functions as color tags and what comes with it . translation to greek is not fluent for the price tag / annually i would apprechiate developers look closer at them . will give it a try before committing on purchasing it per year . on a positive note love the widget ( using however nova launcher ) . current rating will change based on the experience .
ah yes , wan na use an `` advanced '' calendar ? well , turns out you must have an account for that . what 's that , your eyes are burning under this bright theme ? well we have a solution just for you ! as you have seen in our tips , you can change the theme . oh w o p s , no you ca n't , how silly of us to not tell you in tips that ~buy our premium ! ! ! ~ ... //maybe it 's just not what i was looking for ...
too whacked for creating lists , like grocery or to do with their tasks and subtasks instead of just lists you can check complete
i 'm a student and was looking for something get myself very organized . i have tried series of productivity apps before . apparently this had one of the features i have always been looking for ; integration with other apps which i love . two things i found disappointing , features are extremely limited without premium , it 's almost impossible to use like that also very expensive . i could n't find statistics ; from totally hours and other reports
there should be a dark mode instead of setting through a premium theme option
i liked using this app but i recently noticed that important information i had saved in sub tasks has all been deleted . its happened before and i thought i had made a mistake . but no , it 's just this app malfunctioning .
many times i 've put sub tasks on my to-do tasks and they just disappear for some reason . i 've forgotten many things because of this and still has n't been fixed despite various updates .
it works well , but i do not recall subscribing to a $ 28/year subscription.i thought i purchased it until i saw that it was renewed for an additional $ 28 . it 's not good enough to justify that price .
app not bad but very limited unless you pay . downloaded this app after reading in the news about it 's whatsapp integration . that is only available if you pay . without the paid for aspects this application is like any other generic calender app .
i am a paid user of this app . i like this app a lot , until android 10. they claim what they used to do is not possible but that is not true because another app i use ( daylio ) has a nice notification that jumps out at you , like any.do used to . now any.do gives a regular ignorable notification which you click and the app does something on the screen and is pretty pathetic , then it gives it 's notification to plan your day . so it 's two clicks with a big visual pause in between . not cool . : thumbs_down :
i dont like that it requires you to login , why cant i just use it without logging in my accounts
questionable experience . upgraded to premium but whatsapp integration is not working . seems a little confusing .
zero features in free version .
good shared tasks , but app itself makes me angry .. it keeps forgetting i am logged in with my google account .. so i need to login for like each two weeks or so .. and it also forgets my settings ... edit : unfortunately this has not been fixed yet , even though i had sent logs and communicated with you . decreasing my rating .
i can not figure out how to get it on my galaxy watch ... ugh .
when you switch the language , you get wierd bug that your app is half in english half in selected language
i was given this premium app . now with new versions is not updating . i fail to understand this . if i 'm given premium version then now why would n't it get updated ? if it was non upgradable then why was it given ? it 's a great app and so it hurts when there are such tricks used on customers .
dec. 5 , 2019 update moved from 5 stars to 2 for the reason below : i 've had this app for about half a decade . the last couple years have been irritating . i add sub tasks . when i go back to the tasks , the sub tasks are n't there . i wish there was a save button as a cue and confirmion that the subtasks are saved . not sure how long i could forgive the app until i just use another one altogether . please address subtasks staying in the next update . thanks ! was 5 stars for the longest time awesome !
useful as a to-do list . sets a real annoying `` plan your day '' popup reminder every morning . how you disable it is non obvious . uninstalled .
ca n't clean up old alexa lists ! we use this purely for the alexa shopping list integration . however , early on it was very buggy , so we had to relink our alexa account a number of times . and now we have like 4 or 5 old `` alexa shopping list '' s that we can not delete ! `` alexa lists can not be modified with any.do . you can do it from the alexa app '' ... no , i can not , because it only deletes the working one !
reminder feature is not working : yawning_face :
allowed all the permissions for this app but i still ca n't get the reminder to work on my smartphone running android 8. downloaded a different reminder app and also allowed all permissions for it , and it worked well .
i had made an account for this app a long time ago but did n't use it for long and i forgot why until i re-downloaded it today . this is one of those apps that 's incredibly frustrating because a lot of the main advertised features are behind a pay wall and/or you have to make an additional account for . paying more than $ 1/mo for a list app is ridiculous . if anything it should be a one-time purchase .
i used to love it . it was my go to app for many years . but over the time it is losing the special status . it does n't have travel time anymore which was the main reason why i could stay on top of things without mentally having to calculate each meeting and setting the times . they removed that !
the alarm feature does not work , which leads to missing the tasks .
nice looking ui , but inability to disable popups is a deal breaker for me . uninstalled .
reminders not working after configurations .
excellent app but ... google assistant support / integration is in `` coming soon '' state for about 2 yeas . is there a chance to see it available in next 5 or 10 years ?
waste of money and they wo n't let you delete the account . i am very unhappy ! ! ! sorry , just venting because i do n't have all that much of social life .
not paying $ 3 a month for something my calendar can do
i love the concept of the app i 'm just not digging the functionality . trying to set a custom date and time is a complete pain in the you know what . every time i select pm it 's stays at am . i have to do it multiple times before it catches . same issue with the clock . i try to rotate the dial to select an hour and it hangs and throws me over to minutes . i go back to hours and it does the same thing . i finally just gave up . back to the old string around the finger . : frowning_face :
the free app works well but pops up with annoying notifications every now and then to remind you to set more reminders ... kind of pointless . i 'm also not a fan of the subscription model for premium . the layout and app itself is good though so it 's a shame about those negatives . i would have considered buying if there was a one-time payment model .
the app is ok but it could be much better in terms of usability . for example : 1. when setting a new reminder , the first button ( which you are most likely to press without thinking ) should be 'set timer ' , not 'share the task ' . more people will want to set a reminder than share a person note . 2. the 'focus ' button when the reminder comes up is in the prime location for when you are typing/using your phone and leads to you accidentally cancelling reminders each time .
happy with the app ... but personally i had two issues which are if addressed , may provide sort of convienience to the users . 1. if any task is not completed and deleted by mistake it ca n't be undone that i felt inconvenient to write the task again . 2. if any task is being feeded and there also undo/redo options are not available
this apps not suitable for my needs . the reminder keep show every day , even the task mark as 'done ' ( everyday i do click 'done ' at reminder , the next day , and next day , and next day , the reminder still come up ) . the logic for the apps does not make sense for me ( i 'm not a paid subscribber ) .
everything is good . my only issue is that it does n't send the message to you the exact moment you assigned it . eg . i set a reminder at 8pm . the bot only whatsapped me 15mins later . other than this , everything else is good . love the feature of a whatsapp reminder bot . improve on this area and you 'll earn 1 more loyal customer
i was noticed that my phone memory is low and when i was checking which apps i can move to external memory=sd card i found that i ca n't install/move your app to the phone 's sd card and use it from it , but only on and from phone 's internal memory . as i see that is not an issue by many other apps with similar features and requirements so i suggest you to make this possible .
the tasks completed are no longer shown on the date itself , which made us hard to trace back what were the activities done on that particular day add on review : thanks for the reply . but when i check on my calendar , completed tasks are no longer shown . i 'm not sure we are on the same page . yes they are still on the task list but no longer in calendar
great app but it takes away access to your data after a while unless you grant full access to email addresses/google acct/ everything . fair enough request , but not by holding data to ransom . either that or its been compromised by malware , but i do n't think so
great to do list . the only issue is location based reminders seem to be sporadic . also annoying that you ca n't set all day tasks , hopefully an update soon . no resolution and tech support slow , a shame .
i 'm shocked there is n't a free trial period for this app . all the things that i 'm looking for are premium features and are n't unlocked without a subscription . as a rule i do not subscribe to anything unless i am confident it will add value . a trial would help me make that assessment .
how do i disable voice note ? everytime i need to write something in todo list , a google voice popup came out . its ridicolous , stupid and annoying . i couldnt find the disable option in setting .
irrespextive of having task completed , there should be a way of having access to your `` do list '' as long as it is not deleted . one might want to crosscheck a few sruffs . they should fix that issue .
this is a lovely app , but i would rather to pay one time off for using it . it becomes too expensive if you use it for years : ( does n't connect to google tasks neither
i love the app but recently the widgets have been glitching , they go blank or sometimes do respond when i click a checkbox .
no longer getting reminder pop-ups . what happened ?
1. apart from events , how to import reminders from google calendar app ? 2. how to import the tasks from google tasks app ?
small but significant issue for me : i like to look ahead at the events and tasks or whatever i put into the calendar/widget in advance . but i wish there was a way to automatically go back ( like a button ) to today 's date and events afterwards because i do n't like having to manually click on the arrows to go back to today 's date after i view my future months and events . overall , awesome app ! hopefully something like this gets added , i really want to continue using this app . thank you : ) !
i like it , a lot and also not a lot . i like the way it looks once the tasks are created , but i dislike creating the tasks using the current interface . 4 comments . 1. i have the full version with whatsapp linked and it causes duplicate reminders . 2. the widgets are not recognized by my homescreen replacement app ( go launcher ) . 3. i would like to be able to resize the fonts and spacing . 4. creating tasks via whatsapp or google assistant is very limited in its possibilities and often erroneous .
i really like any.do and having my to do list and events in the same place . however i have knocked off stars because i need more customisable repeat options and notifications . sometimes my tasks are every two weeks , or every other day , or every 3 days . would be nice for this option . i also like to put reminders in for my work calendar . i do n't seem to get the option to change this when doing a new event reminder . ca n't afford premium . shame . back to google calendar . : (
this is my first time rating this app because i noticed that there were changes in putting a reminder . hopefully after the task tab , the time & date will be under it . it 's a bit hassle that it was made smaller that without my glasses i did n't notice it for several times . also , i do n't see any purpose of sharing it to other people ; so it should not be the priority . i hope that you can do something about this . anyway , thank you for helping me get through my daily tasks.i 'll wait for another update
some nice features here . their approach really set it apart from the other i 've tried so far . it 's a strong contender as a wunderlist replacement . the only reason i am still not confident on a switch is their wear integration . it 's terrible ! the app does n't listen to the watch at all . i 've tried completing and snoozing and it does nothing . the watch app can only add tasks , so the screenshots they 're sharing here are deceptive . i also wish i could hide completed task , instead of deleting .
honestly i would give it 5 star , since i 'm not going to subscribe or anything , but the fact that you need to subscribe just to change the theme ( just to change it into dark theme ) is deal-breaker , so 3 star it is . i know , you guys also need to make money but for a appearance options need to be paid is a no for me , i get it if it 's like new option like color-coding so you can easily sort stuff , things like that .
stop looking at users as cash cows . i will be uninstalling this and moving to a different app which is as good and does not nag . this is quite a good to do app other than that it too often comes up with prompts to upgrade to the premium subscription-based version . since when have customers disrespectfully/greedily been treated as cash cows . it used to be apps were $ 5 at most for a lifetime of use but now they are greedy and arrogant enough to want $ 5 or thereabouts per month ! i wud pay a one off
awesome app but hate the new placement of the buttons . when you use to create a task you clicked under the title to select when you wanted a reminder . now it 's halfway down the page . i keep hitting `` share task '' and it takes forever to back out of that screen .
the app is pretty good and has good features . however , when i shared a grocery list with my fiance it would n't let him accept and it it sent him tons of emails regarding it . literally 1 every few minutes for hours and i have no clue how to stop this without him just unsubscribing . given that sharing is a big part of why i wanted the app , it does put a damper on things for me .
easy to use decent integration . one major flaw in the shopping list , no way of entering quantities , schoolboy error ! !
great app but crazy there 's no google calendar integration ! ! even tried setting this up with zapier but it only creates an entry ( with no link to any.do task title ) for when the task is created and not when the task is scheduled . will google calendar integration be coming to the app ?
updated : it 's widget can switch between calander / todolist and view the events for the calander , in the widget when clicking instead of it opening the calander app like most apps . it 's task list does n't seem to sync to gtasks but the calander does . upgrade to premium to add things like a recurring event , daily planner , whatsapp reminders , extra colors etc .
long time user ... do not like the latest changes ! changing the location of the remind feature is very frustrating . now i keep clicking on the wrong option because it is in the same place as the remind feature used to be . please change back ...
not usable since the pop-up can not be disabled without completely disabling notifications . they do not intend to fix this for anyone who is n't on android q. pity , the rest of the app beats most other to-do apps .
i liked it ... nice features but not giving the colour changing option ( premium only ) is just cheap ... i wish i can set my own music for my reminders
i do n't understand why all the tags disappear once you start pay or join the trial . the only tag showing is priority . before i joined premium there were other options which disappeared .
works well for me and does its jobs and i never forget stuff anymore . well done guys . and thank you for this app . jannov
sound is not coming while the task is reminding .. how to get sound ? without sound while reminding is not useful .. please tell how to enable sound
it 's good and is useful only problem that lets it down is you have to upgrade to premium for it to do all the things it lists so that lets it down
does n't let me view the lists from my android wear os smart watch
app does n't have pop up notifications anymore for my tasks that i set a reminder at a certain time for . i have checked the app permissions and it allows full notifications .
app crash often happens .... and i cant even open the app so how am i going to send a bug report .... : expressionless_face :
i want dark mode without payin . like the light mode is too light
the app notification does n't go away even after ticking the task complete , otherwise an amazing app
the prices for this app is abit stupid when i can find apps that do the same thing for free ! 26 $ should give me life not everyone is rich ! ! !
very useful but needs dark/night mode . am sure that aint to hard to create ?
i wanted an app that would allow me to create grocery lists from web/desktop but access them from mobile . at the time of writing , this functionality still is n't fully working . grocery lists are categorized on mobile , but the web version just shows a single list with all items mixed together . auto-categorization has been working on mobile since 2018 , but the developers still have not bothered to port this important feature to desktop . also , i feel that far too many of the options are locked down for premium users , even trivial options like background colors .
decent app , very helpful to split things up visually but several issues over the past few months of usage . tasks suddenly stop syncing up from a desktop pc to the app , deletion of lists seem to work but then the lists re-appear , and most recently all the tasks that have been completed over a period of time are suddenly back in my list . on a basic level , this app is useful , for anything more than that it 's not the solution i was hoping for . i am a little ocd but if you are too then look elsewhere
nice app ... will suggest some changes after some time
i 've turned off every notification option i can find and i still get pop up reminders on my screen . i just want a silent reminder in my notification bar . ca n't tell you how many times a reminder has popped up during a call and i ca n't press the end button to hang up . or accidently clicked the reminder while trying to do something else on my phone . please give an option or tell me where to find it for notifications without a popup on the screen that steals focus on whatever i 'm working on .
please make the widgets more customizable and make us able to change the background transparency . edit : looks like you did n't understand . i 'm talking about the background transparency of the widgets . again , if you did n't understand - i 'm talking about the ability to change the background transparency , the blackish background which makes the contrast higher and is n't necessary on wallpapers which are n't too bright .
just fine for me i mean it has a smooth transition and everything but all the cool stuff is paid it 's like there 's nothing extra for freebies you can do the same in a normal calendar .
very simle with few functions , maybe for childrens . there are missing a lot of usual functions that others free app have : time tracking , a true calendar where you add tasks by minutes steps , no task , subtask numbering , no tabel , spreadshets tasks , no custom fields , no timesheet , etc on this premium account . if you want and work with advanced gtd , planners , project management go away and dont lose your time .
useless . have to pay a subscription to be reminded ? no thank you . honestly a once off fee is fair , but a continued yearly fee . i can see why these guys partnered with facebook and mark suckerberg . to suck your wallet . i gave it 3 stars because it is a well made app .
good interface and design . but the sharing capabilities were riddled with issues . the app became almost unusable if you tried to share anything
my favorite thing is when to do list speak loud the task to do . is good not having to read your screen . i unistalled because i miss this feature
on the phone it works perfectly , but now that i 've installed the app on the tablet , i realise that it does n't have the option to rotate the screen if the tablet is rotated , please add this feature so that i can see better the tasks
there 's a very important feature missing — to select and edit multiple tasks at once . also , the app could improve speed wise . it feels a little slow and heavy , specially with the transition animations . otherwise , 5 stars .
i love the app but its shame that i ca n't add my tasks on my calendar after i planned my day . i am heavy calendar user i use it to schedule every hour of my day but i ca n't do anything similar with this app except to remind me at certsin time . to me having to see how your day is structured by the hours is really usefull . uninstalling it for this reason . : smirking_face :
sorry this is not a review but a question : anything i enter in google calendar ends up in any.do , but not the other way around ? how do i do this ? have i missed something ? specifically , i want my goggle home mini to be able to tell me what 's on my any.do tasks and calendars .
a decent app , but for me , it 's not worth paying £15/yr for , and that 's at 50 % off . £30 is just ridiculous for a to-do/calender app . there are other task/calender apps , just as good and free .
how can i delete priorities ? someone please answer me . also , please make a feature where we can choose to check subtasks off through check boxes as well . and a feature that lets us choose the colour of the to do list when it 's open , as well . also , headers within the lists themselves ? just to divide tasks . i will change my rating to a 5 star , then . thank you for reading this .
app still needs a lot of work . it 's not at the point of being worth a paid subscription . it needs more organizational tools , an easier way to repeat tasks daily/weekly/monthly , as well as a timeframe for each task ( not for notifications , but for organization ) . also , when getting events from the calendar it should only grab current or future events to reduce the clutter .
working great so far until my nokia 8.1 was forced to upgrade to android 10 lately , after the upgrade reminders no longer show in pop-ups , though they still appear in notifications . please advise how to enable pop-up reminders again , thanks in advance .
good but why is there no widget ? i just recently decided to try this app again . i like the reminders . unlike some other users , this feature works fine for me . i also like that alexa has a skill for it so i can just tell alexa to add something to my list and it 's added . the only thing i would remove a star for is no widget . i dont want to have to open the app every time to see what 's on my list .
eh , it was n't for me . maybe it 's because i was using the free version , i did n't think this app was very intuitive at all . first of all , it 's very annoying to not be able to set my own reminder times for tasks . i had the option to either choose 9 in the morning or 6 in the evening . what the heck ? secondly , the reminder feature goes off a little too often . only one reminder is needed . i know i could have turned notifications off , but i did want reminders for my tasks . i should have been able to control the number of reminders . also , it was pretty lame that i could n't make multiple lists . i was just dissatisfied overall with my limited options . i deleted and am using another to do list app
i had an older version of this app on my previous phone and loved it . however , the usability has gone way down somewhere in between .... you need to get rid of the analog clock thing when adding reminders . it takes way too many finger taps than is necessary to set a simple reminder for a given task , and annoyingly resets to the current day and time every time you try to edit a reminder you have created . this is confusing and makes it hard to use this app on-the-go , which is when i need it most ..
overall , i like the app . however , i 'm uninstalling because of the pop-up notification that goes over other apps and basically freezes my phone until i dismiss it . the app does n't have permission to draw over other apps and no way to disable this notification . the only reason it is n't 1 star is because overall the app is good .. they just ruin it with that 'feature ' .
the android homescreen widget keeps on hanging every now and then . i 'd have to remove the widget and then add it again to the home screen to make it work . it 's really a headache . i may opt out of the app if the widget continues to behave like this . google calendar was what i was using before and that worked completely fine .
honestly , this app is not user friendly , is not intuitive . when i try to schedule a repeating task , it 's confusing . after selecting a task to be repeated , i am asked how many days ? ! what the heck does that mean ? ! how the heck can i simply set a task to be repeated every day ? developers , where 's the user guide ?
sadly this is the best to do list i have seen . very glitchy . tasks done weeks ago magically show up and you have to delete them again . a grocery list i did n't even want replicated itself 12 times . my personal list replicated itself 13 times and when i deleted the second to last iteration of this it deleted everything i had ever typed into my lists . calendar support only available on ipad and android phone , not in browser window . you have to trick the system into puting a date on items by setting a reminder and then going back in to deactivate the reminder . i like that you can move items around however you want and that items left undone today stay in the today category instead of just floating out of the system . it is odd that something as unfinished as this emerges as king of the hill in this category . i would have thought that the global creativity and intelligence of humanity would have far surpassed this but apparently not .
it could be great but too hard to delete an item on your agenda . it 's like you put it on your agenda and it just does n't disappear after it 's over it just keeps on repeating very annoying sad that i paid the full subscription amount thinking it would help me to stay focused with my work day , but only for a few days until it started repeating itself and i tried to find a way to cancel or delete something out of the agenda completely
i used to love this app and recommend it to friends regularly . the updates have made it harder to use . i do n't need anything fancy . i just need a list . i do n't want to clear or uncheck all items on my grocery list , i just want to go through it and untick the ones i need today . i regret ever using the 'smart ' grocery list bc now , even though i have turned it off , it wo n't revert to basic and my list is essentially useless .
i used to be a big fan of any.do products and i used any.do , any.cal for years , i think these apps are really easy to use . however , when i set a reminder for an appointment every monday , it only allows me to set reminders on every thursday ( the date that i created that reminder ) instead of monday . it 's really disappointing .
i 've been using the app for a while mostly just as a reminder app . finally , i put together a plan to use it as my primary task tracker . great app for managing tasks : clapping_hands : a little learning curve : thinking_face : sync with google calendar was easy : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : no custom task reminder sounds ? ! ! ? : enraged_face : ( : sweat_droplets : sound = drink ) also , no multi-reminders for tasks or times for subtasks . had to put 4 of the same daily tasks in as stretch 1 , stretch 2 .... etc .
does not seem to work with google calendar , i see no reason to give them my payment info for a free premium trial . // i managed to add the google calendar . it took all the events , bur not the reminders in calendar . i still wo n't use this , as it seems to be a replacement interface but i like the google display better . i do n't need to pay this much for few benefits to me . i have not found anything that i like yet , either .
i 'm using the free version and its a disapontiment . no themes , you ca n't delete default lists . it 's ugly .
new update was step backwards . my recommemdations : 1 ) have daily/weekly/monthly calendar views that show reminders and events in visual boxes ( instead of just a list ) . 2 ) allow rearranging of the order of subtasks and add subtask reminder capability . also should be able to check off individual subtasks . 3 ) allow a task to be turned into a calendar event instead of just a reminder 4 ) show that an event has subtasks from main view
just one thing and i will definitely change to 5 stars . make the 'quick add bar ' easier to use ! just expand the letter 'add a task ' in the notification bar . or at least make it easier to reach when using one hand . i 'm right handed but the 'add a task ' is located on the bottom left of the bar so it 's hard to reach with a thumb . please , i believe it 's not too much to ask for .
a software expert . just purchased this app . it 's generally ok , but i am not very impressed . the most glaring issue is that you are confined to the app 's predetermined reminder intervals . you have no option to create your own time intervals ( i.e . 12 hours before , 18 hours before , 4 days,5 days before , etc. ) . they say this app is customizable , as long as it 's the developers choice of customizations . look elsewhere if you want total customization . i 'll look for more deficiencies and report back .
this was a great app , a year or more , ago . the simplicity of adding and checking off tasks , without clutter of a bunch of fancy features , was it 's strength . basically , it was as simple as making a list on a piece of paper , with the added bonus of having reminders . now , however , it requires more steps to add to-dos , and is becoming more of a complicated app , loosing the original appeal . as of some time ago , notifications also stopped working , which mean i will leave , after some 5+ years of use .
cant view a month in one screen . one week is the maximum that it will show . uninstalled .
great app ! but have a few suggestions that would make it the best app in the market ! trust me people are looking for this ! 1 ) the ability to add your schedule with a few clicks . for example you can set reoccuring events , but peoples schedules alternate . would be great to be able to click the days you work group then at the same time and categorize them under work . ( for reference look at the nursegrid app ) 2 ) add your spouse or family directly . so everything is synced real time . ( familywall )
the app 's really nice and i really like it but it 's just really really buggy for my phone . i ca n't switch between the calendar and tasks with ease . i ca n't even slash out items on the to do list smoothly . it could 've been such a big game changer for how i do things ! ! : - (
the app continues to improve , but it lacks one feature for me ... the ability to turn off the pop- up i get on my screen every morning to tell me it 's ready to `` plan my day '' . let me make this clear ... i do n't want you to plan my day so stop telling me to do it . i 've tried turning off all notifications , but no luck . and everywhere i go on the app it tries to sell me the premium upgrade .... just annoying .
overall , the app is pretty good . i have a few complaints , but they do n't imapct the basic usefulness of the app . 1. the app does n't make a noise when a reminder comes up . 2. it has been sporadic and may not keep a reminder posted even when it has n't been marked complete . 3. the format for setting a reminder day is clunky . recurring reminders are especially difficult and may not even be available ( for example , there is no way to set a recurring reminder to every 6 months ) .
waste , there was not an option to set an alarm to remind . i can write a note anywhere , i need the note to remind me which this app said it would . too busy trying to get me to but it . i will just but an alarm clock
this app was a life saver for me . but its not working properly with my new oneplus 7. it does n't gives reminders which i set for whatever time . i get it once in a while , but most of the time no reminder . please provide a solution for this asap . thanks . edit ( 7/7 ) : it started working now . all i did was , in the battery settings , selected any do app , n selected the option dont optimize in it .
no experience with it . install / `` open '' goes to a login screen . no thanks . i do not want to login to use this . i 'd appreciate it if developers would say upfront that their app is not a standalone , local , private version . too bad , could have been just what i need , otherwise . sure looks good . to dev : thanks for the response . i rechecked . neither the images nor writeup specifies an account is mandatory . `` can '' is different than `` must '' . updated with extra star for prompt service . thx .
had to leave the beta when i saw the nice large bold text input ( when you hit the + button ) go away . i love the current nice large text design on the input . hopefully it does n't go away or at least remains an option . turning off auto updates for a while on this app just in case you decide to make this poor life decision final .
used to think it was a 5 star app but they keep making it worse ( and worse ) . specifically it wrongly interprets touch screen movements putting tasks in random locations rather than where you drop them , often the very end of all your tasks , so you have to waste time dragging it back , sometimes for dozens of items . reminders bug me the moment i wake up & wo n't switch off . you only let me move a reminder 15m , 1hr , 3 hrs . so with a list of 20 things i get 20 reminders 3 hrs later . annoying as hell .
so far so good but two improvements would allow me to delete the other planner app i have on my phone . 1 ) reminders . i am looking for an app that would act like a print planner where i would list my tasks by day for the future . i 'd like to be able to check an app for mon. , tue , weds. , etc but without having to set a specific reminder for each . monday should just be monday without needing to set a time . would be great to just have a list for the whole day . 2 ) for lists such as grocery lists , i do n't see any setting to allow the app to stay on screen if you are currently in a store and trying to buy off your list . this is important ! ! no one wants to grocery shop and have to constantly unlock their screen to see the list .
hi , today the editing or deleting of events stoped working . when selected to be edited the event opens in a window without it 's name and if you choose edit the window closes and goes back to the calendar . also by swiping your finger on the list it can not be deleted . i really love the app , it 's has worked perfectly so far but like this it 's useless , please advise . kind regards , marta santos
i really like must of the app but it has 2 horrible bugs that made me uninstall it . whenever i make a new event in the widget it places it a day after the date that i chose and then the edit button does n't work and you are stuck with it and it might get confusing . i might download it again if that is fixed .
excellent app , with plenty of functionality for free users and worthy upgrades for paid users . i love that it can be used across multiple platforms . that being said , it 's super unreliable so i 'd never upgrade . repeated tasks sometimes get marked off and stay on the current day , needing to be marked completed as many as 5-7x before moving to the next day . sometimes when you add a task it 'll disappear ; maybe related to server syncing . but not always , so you better remember ( defeats the purpose ) !
there are much more eady to do list apps . this one is not intuitive and no time to waste searching . maybe could be interesting after getting used to it .
the app is laggy , also it has a premium version so many important features you will have to buy .. i feel that the organisation of the can be more better ... today and tomorrow should be completely seperate and there also should be a slot of yesterday where you can see what you missed doing the day before
a minimalistic task management and scheduling app with an beautiful interface and great widgets as well and packs a punch in terms of free features . any.do does not allow sublists and allows only one level of subtasks to ensure simplicity , but compromising power . i have also found it quite cumbersome to add a task , put it into the right list and add a label to it . this is a long drawn out process which takes so much time and completely ruins the rest of the simplicity the app has .
the is good and is really helpful when i plan my day . i have problem with the widget that has task and calender , problem is if i had a task that had to be done yesterday and i schedule it to do today , it doesnot show on calendar tasks but it shows in task list . if that could be solved experience using the app will improve
very useful app if you are in the habit of forgetting things . but it has one major defect . if you have set up a recurring reminder and if you miss one instance of that reminder , further instances will never show up . they are gone forever . i had to pay a penalty fee for late payment into my credit card because of that ridiculous bug .
update to my original review -- to clarify , i 'm saying that in previous versions you could choose which list to put the task under when doing a quick add of it via the `` + '' widget on home screen , and same for adding it from the bottom quick bar in the app . in the current version , it does n't allow you to choose the list when doing a quick add . your reply to my review is describing the regular ( long ) way of adding the task . i want to be able to choose the list when quick adding from the `` + '' widget !
the simple layout makes navigation easy and intuitive . i decided to try this as an alternative to google calendar and whislt its integration of ai assistants and task tracking seems very good , as a calendar i have to say im not impressed . looking at the calendar from a months perspective doesnt show at a glance which days you have something happening , rather , below the calendar is a schedule view which shows you what events you have which i find confusing . would be nice to view by month .
not sure why but sometimes when i make an edit on one of the items on the list , next time i open the app the changes are not saved . happened couple times already and i 'm sure i clicked the check mark to save the item before leaving the app . a bit annoying
it does not remind with a pop up notification continuously for consecutive days even when the dates are saved and the notifications are not on the home screen and therefore often missed . moreover , it does not remind about the task the whole day even when no particular notification time is noted . this app . is not dependable .
i do n't like a widget with the monthly calendar plus events plus task . that monthly calendar is too big and unnecessary . i would like to have the option to watch a widget just with the date , the events and tasks . something symple : as if we can watch it in the application the same would better in the widget . when they change it i 'll give the 5
recurring tasks an essential feature is available only in premium . premium is not available for one time purchase . monthly payment is way too much for an indian . it got to be affordable with one time payment for everyone to use . may be some one time payment option for different features like recurrent tasks , location reminder and paid themes would have been made it accessible for many .
has any.do changed the way moment works ? five stars for me until recently , and not sure if it 's associated with change to android 10 or a change with the app . i used to have moment pop up daily . i no longer get moment , nor continued pop-up on screen reminders for tasks throughout the day . just looking for clarification that these are no longer features in the non-paid version .
i have a problem . the `` i want to ... '' bar at the bottom is covering up the `` someday '' subsection of tasks . please fix this .
sticky notification bar should show task according to the up next time strictly rather its showing randomly .
it seems like it could be good but very disappointed that it 's subscription based and that there 's not a one time purchase option . not sure if pro has this option but it also doesnt seem to have a history of completed tasks . will need to keep looking .
fairly awful . followed all directions on how to cancel the yearly subscription within 2 days of starting my free 7 day trial . charged on the 7th day anyway . repeated requests to resolve the issue have been unanswered by the developer . chose to go through google pay for refund . thanks any.do ! this will not be my last review . i have much time on my hands now since your scheduler does n't work !
i really need a feature to work properly , and that is the calender widget . once i fail to complete a task today , it sounds show up in the next days list in the calender , but it does n't . please add some option to fix this . then it 'll be worth the 5 stars . the rest is good
my notifications bar is telling me i have no tasks today even when i know i do which is kind of frustrating . plus when i log into the app , my tasks are n't in chronological order for some reason after i set times for them at the beginning of the day . other than that , i think it 's a fab app and i love the little pop ups that happen at the beginning of the day and when a task needs to be done !
pretty good app but nothing crazy that i ca n't achieve with google calendars already if there is i 'm not in need for the feature atm . i 've really been looking for the feature to set a reoccurring remind with a full custom option for say repeat every 43 days or repeat 3 months , then 4 months then 3 then 4 etc this sorts of features would be amazingly handy as you would then not have to set up a new reminder for each date after having worked them out manually . if you add this feature please lmk
we are missing a chat feature and notification when a task is changed / completed / modified in shared lists . any.do is pretty good for my personal use but even though we are both premium , we do n't see any possibility of interaction with the - kind of interaction wunderlist provides not just tiny notification within the app .
a good app , but a reoccurring price model is not the way forward . i would like a one off charge . around 5 euros would be about right , so considerably over priced in todays free app market . you would probably have more revenue in total by charging 5 euros
i have been using this app ever since i switched to an android phone 5-6 years ago , and i have liked it for the most part . however , the recent addition of the `` focus '' button in the pop-up reminder bar is annoying . focus is only available in the premium version and there 's no way to turn it off . time to shop for a new to-do list app .
i 'm giving this app 3 out 5 because there is a really annoying behaviour when you 're adding a quick note and if you by mistake tap outside the text box ( which one would do on the go ) your note is erased and you need to start again . i 'm considering uninstalling it because this happens almost every time i add a note which means that it takes me twice the time . please at least keep the text and do n't erase it in case of an accidental tap outside the box . thanks
simple and effective ! although charging for color themes is ridiculous . i understand getting charged for the other add ons but color should n't be extra ! the widgets are white and black see thru which makes it hard for me to see . little dots are n't helpful .
i already have a subscription , it 's ridiculous that it notices i already had a free trial so it obviously knows my account but its not logging me in with my premium subscription . to top it off i ca n't ask customer service nothing because it 's not an option unless you have the premium that 's ridiculous .
new user experience just logged in . pretty simple . started a list . saw that you could categorize them as personal or work . since i had typed all my tasks in the same place ( first experience landing ) . i tried to move some of these tasks to the `` work '' section . could n't . i ca n't tag them either . i have to retype the whole thing ! bummer .
i used to like this app , it is simple and easy to use . but lately it keeps deleting subtasks , or not saving correctly , so i go back to do thing i needed help remembering , it to find it gone . it also could be a lot easier to add a reminder notification
app looks great . ui is wonderful and the feature it have , they all are useful . only problem because of which i uninstalled the app was simple and basic features like recurring task creations are made premium . switching to tick tick for the same reason .
nice app overall ! it does what it promises . i have two issues with this . 1. the widget seem broken . previously , when i click on the task and mark as complete . now it takes me to the task management page and there is no way to mark that as complete from there . i have to open the app to do that . 2. there is no way to sort tasks based on date . as a user , when i open a task list , i should see all tasks that are coming up so i can plan accordingly . i have to manually do that when i mark as complete .
i do n't know why this app is an `` editor 's choice '' there is n't any special graphics and you need to be a premium to change a color . keep google give me all this for free ! i was just looking for a different to-do list where i could change the size of the letters .
great for daily list . used to use the grocery list . used to . had to turn it off due to spam . if it continues , i 'll uninstall the app . update/clarify : imo , spam is getting items added to my grocery list that i do n't want & never buy . it was the app telling me `` we 've added xyz to your grocery list ''
please can we go back to entering the time with numbers . the clock thing is fiddly and pointless . it seemd your developers do n't have enough work . also when i select this evening i have to select the date before messing with the time which makes no sense .
this app refuses to let you set a reminder for any day other than the current day without buying premium . i want to remind myself to workout every wednesday but it 's monday so i 'm only allowed to schedule reminders on monday . guess i 'll just get reminded on monday to workout on wednesday . useless
notifications are annoying and not customizable ( was getting them for not having any tasks for the day ) . i turned off notifications via my android settings and am still getting impossible to turn off pop up notification that blocks whatever app i am on . app is fine otherwise , but not for me .
a good app but does not show full month tasks and that makes it hard to plan ahead or look back to previous events
the task add bar blocks the list if it 's too long with no way to scroll down . also would like an option to have completed tasks to disappear not just sit there crossed out taking up space . and make it easier to share lists with others . should be able to accept invites in app not over email .
app ui is really good , i have tried almost all the top task list apps and like any.do best however would like to have heisenberg matrix added to organise my tasks . that is the one thing stoping me . i want the quadrants features in this app and i would be absolute member of this app until forever .
i paid for the premium version and had expected it to work . unfortunately , i 've been missing quite a few reminders because somehow they stopped working . the notifications did n't show at all . if this problem persists , i want to cancel my monthly subscription .
its ok. looks great . sends reminders . a couple of features available in free version . ★ can not add hyperlinks ★constant push to upgrade [ additional comment in regards to developer respons ] : how can i add hyperlink in notes ? seems like it can only be stored as text
love the app , but it 's almost useless on my galaxy view because the app switches back to portrait mode when adding a task , for a tablet that sits stationary in landscape mode , it just does n't work . love the app on my phone and the website is nice too .
missing basics clearing the completed tasks is like erasing history . instead of having the completed task stack up and encumber the whiteboard , each one of thr completed tasks should appear on the calendar ( as completed or as initiated on /completed on , in gantt chart format ) this is really basic guys
great feature is reminder to reorganize missed and undone tasks . but ui of the app looks confusing to me . i cat find a way to add tasks easyly enought gor me . i dont know what next . google tasks are simplier and todoist have limited features in free version .
i 'm new to using any.do , so i 'm still really unfamiliar with the app . i 'm so far finding that the free version is quite limited ... i wanted to try the free version before doing the free trial for the premium , to compare the differences . the main point i 'm unhappy with , is the fact that the reminders do n't make any noise , so if you 're not looking at your phone , you never realize you 're getting a reminder . is there a way in the free version to put a sound to the reminders ?
it 's a great app but i 'm not sure about the security and privacy of it . i like apps that mention in the description itself stating that they do n't collect data from users . a little info on that would be nice to see in the description thanks
the app does n't have audio alerts , it only displays a notification after you unlock your phone . please add audio alert feature as well , so that you can get an alert even when you 're not using your phone .
i want to like it more but whenever i set an event in the calendar it always starts it the following day . for example , if i set an event from thursday to sunday it saves it as friday to monday ....
if a task is due while the phone is off , you wo n't get notification after the phone is turned on . also , snoozing a recurrent task changes the time for a the whole series .
any.do is great for list . but the calander app lacks . they have a new plan your day feature but the times dont show up next to the task on the calander . so not sure why you would bother scheduling task . i think im going to find an app that allows list and an hpurly daily planner .
it 's almost perfect . the widgets on homescreen need more options . a list of events for the day instead of only the monthly view is a necessity . add it and i 'm sold !
where is the priority setting ? my app interface does n't match the video you created for new users . i liked everywhere and ca n't find any any to prioritize tasks , only set a time for a reminder . please provide up to date instruction for setting priorities and other details for using the app . thanks .
i accepted a 14 day free trial but changed my mind just straight away . how do i cancel ? i go into my subscriptions in google play but i do not find this app among my subscriotions . i suppose it will turn up there only when the 14days free trial is over . pleas confirm how to cancel . thanks//
has many nice features but they lack polish - 1. has notifications like ticktick but unlike ticktick , you 'll have to unlock the phone for you to see it . 2. has a grocery list where you can add things but you can not add quantity .. and many others ...
the app was reccomended by my cbt therapy group but i do shift work and it 's not friendly for those with rotating schedules . great for 9-5rs who have single event tasks or those who tasks always repeat at the same tone each week or month . i need my tasks to repeat on a 4 week cycle and it ended up giving me all my tasks together each week .
needs premium subscription for dark mode . that is so greedy . dark mode is a basic requirement in 2019. charging for different themes is understandable but for dark mode ? edit : i have uninstalled your app for the moment . thank you for your consideration . i 'll change my ratings from 1 to 3 for now .
is just me or did this app kind of just get more complicated after the last update ? i 'm not sure what it is about it now that i do n't appreciate but i really liked the last version much better ... it seems too simplistic and it 's still buggy ...
many features are locked and require a subscription . did not want to pay without trying . and even given the limitation the trial period is limited to 1 week . this is too harsh . uninstalling .
i am a paid subscriber . i love the to do list . the calendar is limited and leaves much to be desired for me . but i did n't get it for the calendar . much better alternatives on that front .
i was under the impression that you could connect the app to your google assistant , and add things to your shopping list vocally , but i ca n't seem to figure it out how to sync google assistant to any.do ... can anyone help me please ?
i love this app , but recently it keeps logging me out randomly . i have no way of knowing this has happened , so it means i miss alarms , which is frustrating and defeats the object of setting them .
basically a great task list . i would have liked to buy the app but it 's subscription . a number of comments within feedback about no refunds which i do n't take too seriously however makes me nervous .
i set an event and told it to remind me an hour before . it did n't remind me and i ended up missing my doctors appointment . not good .
i loved to use this app until the grocery category just vanished , list and all ! it 's gone and i ca n't retrieve it . that organized grocery list was the best thing about this app . how can i get this category back ?
first impression is sufficient but not excellent . there are no settings for applying priorities to tasks and i could n't find also a setting for repeating tasks ( daily or for certain periods ) for specified hours ( from 17:00 - 20:00 ) .
there is an annoying bug : in the calender widget , the day is not refreshed . it shows always the day the widget was created and i have to manually select the current day to see the tasks . please fix it and i give 5 stars .
great app , but why ca n't it show dates as mm/dd/yy or dd/mm/yy ? ? it would be a great asset to have ! if you add this on an upcoming update , will download again and keep ( currently uninstalled )
i used to love it , but now every time i want to add any tasks it asks for speak text , which when you 're trying to discretely add a reminder is offputting . fix that and you 've got a great app
app is getting more and more annoying . additional features are forced on you and it lost a lot of its original functionality , which was why i bought it . most probably i wo n't renew my subscription .
full of promise but the lack of word wrapping means task detail is hidden . particularly bad for sub tasks where the font is also larger and therefore exacerbates the issue . if and when this is resolved i 'll be able to use the app and give a more balanced appraisal .
it does what it says and does it beautifully .... would have given it a 5 star if it would have been all free . but it definately makes the life easy would easily recommend it to my friends and family
love this app but after not using it for a couple of months everything has disappeared ! anyone able to help ! ! ! thanks for the advice . just done that . waiting now for their feedback . as said i live this app !
you guys are doing a great job . only thing i wish for is that you had a separate morning and night routine section . also , i think the grocery shopping thing should just be another app altogether . i do n't use it , as i just use amazon pantry and walmart pickup .
nice widgets and user interface . i really wanted to use this app for the moments daily review , but all lists are included in the daily review with no option to hide lists . this made the moments feature feel clunky and unusable .
good but need some improvements . some times completed task show in to fo list
the alarm ringtone can not be changed and thats not good . the people that use apps lile these often work in a noisy environmnt and a full volume continous ringtone . a small beep does'nt work for them . hope you consider
this app description does n't tell you this is not free . you get a free trial then pay about $ 15 a month . there 's plenty of truly free apps that work just as good or better . uninstalling ! !
decent enough gtd app , but i only started using it after reading it will be integrated with google assistant soon . seems like they 've been touting this integration for months , with no real action or even updates on when we can expect this ! disappointing .
app is glitching and when i open a calendar event it says no title and wo n't let me edit . also changes the date to today mid editing of an event you 're creating even if you already changed the date .
average . save your money re : subscriptions , was n't what i thought it was , paid for the yearly , but hardly ever use it , there are enough apps on my samsung galaxy note to fulfil the needs of this app .
i know one of the selling points was minimalism but it feels way too minimal to me . any real , useful functionality is locked behind a paywall .
i wish it could use the hey google feature . it only works with amazon alexa right now . price is cheap . so far so good .
seems like it may be a good app , but i uninstalled as soon as i found out you have to pay a monthly fee for recurring reminders ( which is developed once and costs nothing to maintain )
it seems it is not designed for android users . it is look like iphone application for me . thats why i did n't give 5 stars
some of the premium features like location-based reminders just do n't work and it does n't do everything it says in google play , like automatically sorting my grocery list by aisle .
generally good and useful with a clean interface but there 's a phenomenally annoying bug where tasks often ping all the way to the bottom of your list when you 're trying to drag and drop them .
grocery is not working correctly , i have added some things then changed their categories , closed the app then opened and there was all messed up , categories were messed , and list was multipled some things were tripled
notifications are not persistent enough . i 'd love to have the option of using my phones built in alarm to remind me of tasks . please consider this functionality !
awesome app does what it 's supposed to aside from reminding you . i always forget what i 'm supposed to do because it wont remind me at the right times . : (
i quite like the app , but it looks dreadful on a tablet , and often forces me to change orientation from landscape to portrait to enter information .
drag and drop task is not working .. tasks disappear while dropping ..
good app but at present unable to add additional attendees to events as it causes the app to crash . also it would be good to filter lists appearing on the calendar
looked good at first sight but as i was using it i wondered that the icon disappeared miraculously . could n't continue using it until i uninstalled and reinstalled it .
it was working great , for about 2 weeks but now shuts down ant time i try and invite atty attendee to any event . so disappointed . i thoight this was going to be my `` go to '' app and be reliable . the search continues ....
i have a big problem with this app , daily routine does n't repeat unless i complete it . but somtimes i really could not complete it . then it 's stop repeating , why ? ! ! ! ! plz fix it
this app can be a little intrusive , probably i was looking for a light weight one and this one is for people who is after a all round task manager .
i just dont do subscriptions , if it was one time pay , i would actually try it , as it is .. i simply uninstalled it . no thank you .
requests : ability to change task into subtask by drag and drop . option for default list of all lists . option for organizing list order in all lists view .
it 's very nice . i would definitely buy the premium version if it was one time payment but they ask monthly subscription ...
really a good app but needs development . i ) in daily reoccurring tasks need options to schedule on weekdays . ii ) also need help in scheduling weekly tasks in alternative weeks
okay better than others but the design should be material ! some features are to pay , less than the competitor but still i cant use fully for that
great app , but i ca n't scroll through all tasks when the app is open . hope that you 'll fix that bug
please allow ability to scroll to see all the tasks . other than that , i like the main features and the shopping list
it 's ok. it definitely is n't worth paying for premium . also lack of syncability with google assistant is a huge drawback for me .
very nice app but the simple features that many other apps has for free , cost money on this app so why would a pay for somethings that it should be free !
i really wanted to like this app , but location based services does n't work . im giving this 3 stars still because technical support was very responsive and is giving me a full refund .
i love this app however i sent the link to several friends and they got the app and i received no premium time whatsoever . do n't be dishonest with your apps . that 's lame .
hi . how do i add back my premium account . i deleted account by mistake .
did love this app ... but since the update . i seem to lose tasks . now i do not trust the lists i have created .
one issue is that it does n't adapt to the device fonts .... i mean the iphone font u use looks good on iphones , but not with other phones ... pls fix this asap
great concept and very well executed but the app does n't close correctly and leaves its loading screen open over my home screen so i ca n't use my phone until i reset .
ok
not satisfy
i love the app but recently the widgets have been glitching , they go blank or sometimes do respond when i click a checkbox .
great to do list . the only issue is location based reminders seem to be sporadic . also annoying that you ca n't set all day tasks , hopefully an update soon . no resolution and tech support slow , a shame .
hi . how do i add back my premium account . i deleted account by mistake .
useful
good
good app
i wanted an app that would allow me to create grocery lists from web/desktop but access them from mobile . at the time of writing , this functionality still is n't fully working . grocery lists are categorized on mobile , but the web version just shows a single list with all items mixed together . auto-categorization has been working on mobile since 2018 , but the developers still have not bothered to port this important feature to desktop . also , i feel that far too many of the options are locked down for premium users , even trivial options like background colors .
middle experience
how do i disable voice note ? everytime i need to write something in todo list , a google voice popup came out . its ridicolous , stupid and annoying . i couldnt find the disable option in setting .
please make the widgets more customizable and make us able to change the background transparency . edit : looks like you did n't understand . i 'm talking about the background transparency of the widgets . again , if you did n't understand - i 'm talking about the ability to change the background transparency , the blackish background which makes the contrast higher and is n't necessary on wallpapers which are n't too bright .
happy with the app ... but personally i had two issues which are if addressed , may provide sort of convienience to the users . 1. if any task is not completed and deleted by mistake it ca n't be undone that i felt inconvenient to write the task again . 2. if any task is being feeded and there also undo/redo options are not available
how can anydo send reminders to someone on whatsapp when the task is due ? i want the person to whom task is assigned shud also get a reminder before it 's due how can i do this ?
this apps not suitable for my needs . the reminder keep show every day , even the task mark as 'done ' ( everyday i do click 'done ' at reminder , the next day , and next day , and next day , the reminder still come up ) . the logic for the apps does not make sense for me ( i 'm not a paid subscribber ) .
this is a lovely app , but i would rather to pay one time off for using it . it becomes too expensive if you use it for years : ( does n't connect to google tasks neither
no longer getting reminder pop-ups . what happened ?
any.do . : to do list
1. apart from events , how to import reminders from google calendar app ? 2. how to import the tasks from google tasks app ?
cant view a month in one screen . one week is the maximum that it will show . uninstalled .
unlock
i was noticed that my phone memory is low and when i was checking which apps i can move to external memory=sd card i found that i ca n't install/move your app to the phone 's sd card and use it from it , but only on and from phone 's internal memory . as i see that is not an issue by many other apps with similar features and requirements so i suggest you to make this possible .
i 'm shocked there is n't a free trial period for this app . all the things that i 'm looking for are premium features and are n't unlocked without a subscription . as a rule i do not subscribe to anything unless i am confident it will add value . a trial would help me make that assessment .
irrespextive of having task completed , there should be a way of having access to your `` do list '' as long as it is not deleted . one might want to crosscheck a few sruffs . they should fix that issue .
does this app has sticky notes ? ?
good interface and design . but the sharing capabilities were riddled with issues . the app became almost unusable if you tried to share anything
cool app
paid dark theme . im going behind another app
ok
not bad
decent app , very helpful to split things up visually but several issues over the past few months of usage . tasks suddenly stop syncing up from a desktop pc to the app , deletion of lists seem to work but then the lists re-appear , and most recently all the tasks that have been completed over a period of time are suddenly back in my list . on a basic level , this app is useful , for anything more than that it 's not the solution i was hoping for . i am a little ocd but if you are too then look elsewhere
great app but it takes away access to your data after a while unless you grant full access to email addresses/google acct/ everything . fair enough request , but not by holding data to ransom . either that or its been compromised by malware , but i do n't think so
the tasks completed are no longer shown on the date itself , which made us hard to trace back what were the activities done on that particular day add on review : thanks for the reply . but when i check on my calendar , completed tasks are no longer shown . i 'm not sure we are on the same page . yes they are still on the task list but no longer in calendar
it would n't let me delete/edit events and had no monthly view on the calendar .
everything is good . my only issue is that it does n't send the message to you the exact moment you assigned it . eg . i set a reminder at 8pm . the bot only whatsapped me 15mins later . other than this , everything else is good . love the feature of a whatsapp reminder bot . improve on this area and you 'll earn 1 more loyal customer
the app is ok but it could be much better in terms of usability . for example : 1. when setting a new reminder , the first button ( which you are most likely to press without thinking ) should be 'set timer ' , not 'share the task ' . more people will want to set a reminder than share a person note . 2. the 'focus ' button when the reminder comes up is in the prime location for when you are typing/using your phone and leads to you accidentally cancelling reminders each time .
does n't let me view the lists from my android wear os smart watch
waste , there was not an option to set an alarm to remind . i can write a note anywhere , i need the note to remind me which this app said it would . too busy trying to get me to but it . i will just but an alarm clock
i love the concept of the app i 'm just not digging the functionality . trying to set a custom date and time is a complete pain in the you know what . every time i select pm it 's stays at am . i have to do it multiple times before it catches . same issue with the clock . i try to rotate the dial to select an hour and it hangs and throws me over to minutes . i go back to hours and it does the same thing . i finally just gave up . back to the old string around the finger . : frowning_face :
sticky notification bar should show task according to the up next time strictly rather its showing randomly .
i 'm using the free version and its a disapontiment . no themes , you ca n't delete default lists . it 's ugly .
the free app works well but pops up with annoying notifications every now and then to remind you to set more reminders ... kind of pointless . i 'm also not a fan of the subscription model for premium . the layout and app itself is good though so it 's a shame about those negatives . i would have considered buying if there was a one-time payment model .
my favorite thing is when to do list speak loud the task to do . is good not having to read your screen . i unistalled because i miss this feature
pls and pls , kindly refund me . i was charged yesterday . i didnt realize that i was still subscribed to the app because i deleted it . i cant afford it right now cuz i dont have a job and i still need to pay my tution fees . pls refund me ! ! crying * * pls refund my money
bom , mas tudo tem que pagar
i have been using this app everyday but last update cleared all my future reminders . now its impossible to recollect those important reminders . searching for better alternative . reply : awesome , tried your advise to sign out and sign in ... but lost yesterdays reminders also ... fyi i had requested forgot password for this account .
i want dark mode without payin . like the light mode is too light
works well for me and does its jobs and i never forget stuff anymore . well done guys . and thank you for this app . jannov
i really like any.do and having my to do list and events in the same place . however i have knocked off stars because i need more customisable repeat options and notifications . sometimes my tasks are every two weeks , or every other day , or every 3 days . would be nice for this option . i also like to put reminders in for my work calendar . i do n't seem to get the option to change this when doing a new event reminder . ca n't afford premium . shame . back to google calendar . : (
the prices for this app is abit stupid when i can find apps that do the same thing for free ! 26 $ should give me life not everyone is rich ! ! !
just fine for me i mean it has a smooth transition and everything but all the cool stuff is paid it 's like there 's nothing extra for freebies you can do the same in a normal calendar .
small but significant issue for me : i like to look ahead at the events and tasks or whatever i put into the calendar/widget in advance . but i wish there was a way to automatically go back ( like a button ) to today 's date and events afterwards because i do n't like having to manually click on the arrows to go back to today 's date after i view my future months and events . overall , awesome app ! hopefully something like this gets added , i really want to continue using this app . thank you : ) !
i like it , a lot and also not a lot . i like the way it looks once the tasks are created , but i dislike creating the tasks using the current interface . 4 comments . 1. i have the full version with whatsapp linked and it causes duplicate reminders . 2. the widgets are not recognized by my homescreen replacement app ( go launcher ) . 3. i would like to be able to resize the fonts and spacing . 4. creating tasks via whatsapp or google assistant is very limited in its possibilities and often erroneous .
why i got ta sync
easy to use decent integration . one major flaw in the shopping list , no way of entering quantities , schoolboy error ! !
the app is pretty good and has good features . however , when i shared a grocery list with my fiance it would n't let him accept and it it sent him tons of emails regarding it . literally 1 every few minutes for hours and i have no clue how to stop this without him just unsubscribing . given that sharing is a big part of why i wanted the app , it does put a damper on things for me .
updated : it 's widget can switch between calander / todolist and view the events for the calander , in the widget when clicking instead of it opening the calander app like most apps . it 's task list does n't seem to sync to gtasks but the calander does . upgrade to premium to add things like a recurring event , daily planner , whatsapp reminders , extra colors etc .
stop looking at users as cash cows . i will be uninstalling this and moving to a different app which is as good and does not nag . this is quite a good to do app other than that it too often comes up with prompts to upgrade to the premium subscription-based version . since when have customers disrespectfully/greedily been treated as cash cows . it used to be apps were $ 5 at most for a lifetime of use but now they are greedy and arrogant enough to want $ 5 or thereabouts per month ! i wud pay a one off
awesome app but hate the new placement of the buttons . when you use to create a task you clicked under the title to select when you wanted a reminder . now it 's halfway down the page . i keep hitting `` share task '' and it takes forever to back out of that screen .
i do n't understand why all the tags disappear once you start pay or join the trial . the only tag showing is priority . before i joined premium there were other options which disappeared .
i love the app but its shame that i ca n't add my tasks on my calendar after i planned my day . i am heavy calendar user i use it to schedule every hour of my day but i ca n't do anything similar with this app except to remind me at certsin time . to me having to see how your day is structured by the hours is really usefull . uninstalling it for this reason . : smirking_face :
i have a problem . the `` i want to ... '' bar at the bottom is covering up the `` someday '' subsection of tasks . please fix this .
app does n't have pop up notifications anymore for my tasks that i set a reminder at a certain time for . i have checked the app permissions and it allows full notifications .
why its so hard to sync
every time i change the language to arabic and the app restore the default language ! ! ! !
a decent app , but for me , it 's not worth paying £15/yr for , and that 's at 50 % off . £30 is just ridiculous for a to-do/calender app . there are other task/calender apps , just as good and free .
long time user ... do not like the latest changes ! changing the location of the remind feature is very frustrating . now i keep clicking on the wrong option because it is in the same place as the remind feature used to be . please change back ...
useless . have to pay a subscription to be reminded ? no thank you . honestly a once off fee is fair , but a continued yearly fee . i can see why these guys partnered with facebook and mark suckerberg . to suck your wallet . i gave it 3 stars because it is a well made app .
some nice features here . their approach really set it apart from the other i 've tried so far . it 's a strong contender as a wunderlist replacement . the only reason i am still not confident on a switch is their wear integration . it 's terrible ! the app does n't listen to the watch at all . i 've tried completing and snoozing and it does nothing . the watch app can only add tasks , so the screenshots they 're sharing here are deceptive . i also wish i could hide completed task , instead of deleting .
sorry this is not a review but a question : anything i enter in google calendar ends up in any.do , but not the other way around ? how do i do this ? have i missed something ? specifically , i want my goggle home mini to be able to tell me what 's on my any.do tasks and calendars .
great app but crazy there 's no google calendar integration ! ! even tried setting this up with zapier but it only creates an entry ( with no link to any.do task title ) for when the task is created and not when the task is scheduled . will google calendar integration be coming to the app ?
this is my first time rating this app because i noticed that there were changes in putting a reminder . hopefully after the task tab , the time & date will be under it . it 's a bit hassle that it was made smaller that without my glasses i did n't notice it for several times . also , i do n't see any purpose of sharing it to other people ; so it should not be the priority . i hope that you can do something about this . anyway , thank you for helping me get through my daily tasks.i 'll wait for another update
i liked it ... nice features but not giving the colour changing option ( premium only ) is just cheap ... i wish i can set my own music for my reminders
very useful but needs dark/night mode . am sure that aint to hard to create ?
app crash often happens .... and i cant even open the app so how am i going to send a bug report .... : expressionless_face :
the app notification does n't go away even after ticking the task complete , otherwise an amazing app
nice app ... will suggest some changes after some time
it 's good and is useful only problem that lets it down is you have to upgrade to premium for it to do all the things it lists so that lets it down
good app but ........ i would like to have a feature of having a log maintained of my completed tasks . so that i can go back and check when i completed them for any future references .
sound is not coming while the task is reminding .. how to get sound ? without sound while reminding is not useful .. please tell how to enable sound
not usable since the pop-up can not be disabled without completely disabling notifications . they do not intend to fix this for anyone who is n't on android q. pity , the rest of the app beats most other to-do apps .
good but need some improvements . some times completed task show in to fo list
honestly i would give it 5 star , since i 'm not going to subscribe or anything , but the fact that you need to subscribe just to change the theme ( just to change it into dark theme ) is deal-breaker , so 3 star it is . i know , you guys also need to make money but for a appearance options need to be paid is a no for me , i get it if it 's like new option like color-coding so you can easily sort stuff , things like that .
conflict strack
much better since my last review in 2015. right now , easily the best to-do app out there . all the issues i faced back then , are gone . one thing that makes this a 4-star ( above average ) app rather than 3 ( average ) , is the automatic inclusion of past-due tasks in today-list . of course , if it 's past due , it has to be due today . somehow most to-do apps miss this . 5-stars will be when ( or if ) they actually release the google assistant integration and it actually works without issues . that zapier-stuff , though .... what a joke . if anyone has the time to deal with that , they have plenty of extra time and have no need for a to-do app . also , including zapier as a premium feature , with zapier itself requiring an expensive subscription to actually work , is a pretty damn dick move . yea , just thought about this again , and this dick move costs 1 star . pay $ 10 for a 1 star extra dlc !
app is good but it could have better
there 's a very important feature missing — to select and edit multiple tasks at once . also , the app could improve speed wise . it feels a little slow and heavy , specially with the transition animations . otherwise , 5 stars .
very simle with few functions , maybe for childrens . there are missing a lot of usual functions that others free app have : time tracking , a true calendar where you add tasks by minutes steps , no task , subtask numbering , no tabel , spreadshets tasks , no custom fields , no timesheet , etc on this premium account . if you want and work with advanced gtd , planners , project management go away and dont lose your time .
unfortunately tic tick is better app for me : expressionless_face : .
the reminders are n't partixularly noticeable .
i set an event and told it to remind me an hour before . it did n't remind me and i ended up missing my doctors appointment . not good .
i 've turned off every notification option i can find and i still get pop up reminders on my screen . i just want a silent reminder in my notification bar . ca n't tell you how many times a reminder has popped up during a call and i ca n't press the end button to hang up . or accidently clicked the reminder while trying to do something else on my phone . please give an option or tell me where to find it for notifications without a popup on the screen that steals focus on whatever i 'm working on .
it seems it is not designed for android users . it is look like iphone application for me . thats why i did n't give 5 stars
i accepted a 14 day free trial but changed my mind just straight away . how do i cancel ? i go into my subscriptions in google play but i do not find this app among my subscriotions . i suppose it will turn up there only when the 14days free trial is over . pleas confirm how to cancel . thanks//
drag and drop task is not working .. tasks disappear while dropping ..
this app would be better if it support jalali ( shamsi ) date format : - )
there are much more eady to do list apps . this one is not intuitive and no time to waste searching . maybe could be interesting after getting used to it .
ok
presently use for tasks & reminders only , but it 's great ! needed support once , and was very helpful and quick ! reducing to 3 stars . they must 've made some changes that i do n't care for . too many reminder steps , and the reminder does n't show up when it supposed to . looking for new reminder app .
on the phone it works perfectly , but now that i 've installed the app on the tablet , i realise that it does n't have the option to rotate the screen if the tablet is rotated , please add this feature so that i can see better the tasks
i used this app for a long time . but now , i do n't know what happened . the alarm does n't ring and the notification bar is n't working . the reminders do n't work as well . i do n't know why , but this app is working worst everyday ...
working great so far until my nokia 8.1 was forced to upgrade to android 10 lately , after the upgrade reminders no longer show in pop-ups , though they still appear in notifications . please advise how to enable pop-up reminders again , thanks in advance .
too many crashes over the past few months , especially in the widget
a good app but does not show full month tasks and that makes it hard to plan ahead or look back to previous events
all the things that it advertises that it does you have to pay for disappointed
we are missing a chat feature and notification when a task is changed / completed / modified in shared lists . any.do is pretty good for my personal use but even though we are both premium , we do n't see any possibility of interaction with the - kind of interaction wunderlist provides not just tiny notification within the app .
zapier integration does n't work for me . it says something went wrong at our end
good
needs premium subscription for dark mode . that is so greedy . dark mode is a basic requirement in 2019. charging for different themes is understandable but for dark mode ? edit : i have uninstalled your app for the moment . thank you for your consideration . i 'll change my ratings from 1 to 3 for now .
i 'm giving this app 3 out 5 because there is a really annoying behaviour when you 're adding a quick note and if you by mistake tap outside the text box ( which one would do on the go ) your note is erased and you need to start again . i 'm considering uninstalling it because this happens almost every time i add a note which means that it takes me twice the time . please at least keep the text and do n't erase it in case of an accidental tap outside the box . thanks
the app was reccomended by my cbt therapy group but i do shift work and it 's not friendly for those with rotating schedules . great for 9-5rs who have single event tasks or those who tasks always repeat at the same tone each week or month . i need my tasks to repeat on a 4 week cycle and it ended up giving me all my tasks together each week .
excellent app , with plenty of functionality for free users and worthy upgrades for paid users . i love that it can be used across multiple platforms . that being said , it 's super unreliable so i 'd never upgrade . repeated tasks sometimes get marked off and stay on the current day , needing to be marked completed as many as 5-7x before moving to the next day . sometimes when you add a task it 'll disappear ; maybe related to server syncing . but not always , so you better remember ( defeats the purpose ) !
is this google calendar , tasks and keep ? if not , why pay for a duplicate ?
was great , but monetized and less useful as features are locked behind a subscription .
overall , the app is pretty good . i have a few complaints , but they do n't imapct the basic usefulness of the app . 1. the app does n't make a noise when a reminder comes up . 2. it has been sporadic and may not keep a reminder posted even when it has n't been marked complete . 3. the format for setting a reminder day is clunky . recurring reminders are especially difficult and may not even be available ( for example , there is no way to set a recurring reminder to every 6 months ) .
update to my original review -- to clarify , i 'm saying that in previous versions you could choose which list to put the task under when doing a quick add of it via the `` + '' widget on home screen , and same for adding it from the bottom quick bar in the app . in the current version , it does n't allow you to choose the list when doing a quick add . your reply to my review is describing the regular ( long ) way of adding the task . i want to be able to choose the list when quick adding from the `` + '' widget !
i have been using this app ever since i switched to an android phone 5-6 years ago , and i have liked it for the most part . however , the recent addition of the `` focus '' button in the pop-up reminder bar is annoying . focus is only available in the premium version and there 's no way to turn it off . time to shop for a new to-do list app .
google play
has any.do changed the way moment works ? five stars for me until recently , and not sure if it 's associated with change to android 10 or a change with the app . i used to have moment pop up daily . i no longer get moment , nor continued pop-up on screen reminders for tasks throughout the day . just looking for clarification that these are no longer features in the non-paid version .
has many nice features but they lack polish - 1. has notifications like ticktick but unlike ticktick , you 'll have to unlock the phone for you to see it . 2. has a grocery list where you can add things but you can not add quantity .. and many others ...
question really ... interface so far seems pleasant enough . does it work with google assistant ?
i can not add invitees u less they are in my contacts and sometimes , not then either .
i 'm an ui/ux designer , i use this app for 5 month i think it 's great but hard to use ! !
great app ! but have a few suggestions that would make it the best app in the market ! trust me people are looking for this ! 1 ) the ability to add your schedule with a few clicks . for example you can set reoccuring events , but peoples schedules alternate . would be great to be able to click the days you work group then at the same time and categorize them under work . ( for reference look at the nursegrid app ) 2 ) add your spouse or family directly . so everything is synced real time . ( familywall )
awesome
pretty good app but nothing crazy that i ca n't achieve with google calendars already if there is i 'm not in need for the feature atm . i 've really been looking for the feature to set a reoccurring remind with a full custom option for say repeat every 43 days or repeat 3 months , then 4 months then 3 then 4 etc this sorts of features would be amazingly handy as you would then not have to set up a new reminder for each date after having worked them out manually . if you add this feature please lmk
just new
very useful app if you are in the habit of forgetting things . but it has one major defect . if you have set up a recurring reminder and if you miss one instance of that reminder , further instances will never show up . they are gone forever . i had to pay a penalty fee for late payment into my credit card because of that ridiculous bug .
tasks dont show up in google cal , and you cant schedule a certain amount of time for each task
ui is great/awesome . but recurring task is a very common use case . you keep it in premium version so unable to use this app .
the app ui has changes have made it very annoying to use in some cases . the custom timer , most used by me is all the way to the end and scrolling to it sometimes erases everything written in the reminder .
dont try this . they limting everythings for the premium
events on calendar show 's incorrect data and on clicking edit the window closes to home screen
my notifications bar is telling me i have no tasks today even when i know i do which is kind of frustrating . plus when i log into the app , my tasks are n't in chronological order for some reason after i set times for them at the beginning of the day . other than that , i think it 's a fab app and i love the little pop ups that happen at the beginning of the day and when a task needs to be done !
full of promise but the lack of word wrapping means task detail is hidden . particularly bad for sub tasks where the font is also larger and therefore exacerbates the issue . if and when this is resolved i 'll be able to use the app and give a more balanced appraisal .
good
good app bit i am facing a perineal problem . the option to select am-pm is not working where the clock is shown . this needs to be fixed as every time i select the time is defaults to pm
decent enough gtd app , but i only started using it after reading it will be integrated with google assistant soon . seems like they 've been touting this integration for months , with no real action or even updates on when we can expect this ! disappointing .
do n't know
i love this app however i sent the link to several friends and they got the app and i received no premium time whatsoever . do n't be dishonest with your apps . that 's lame .
i used to love it , but now every time i want to add any tasks it asks for speak text , which when you 're trying to discretely add a reminder is offputting . fix that and you 've got a great app
nice widgets and user interface . i really wanted to use this app for the moments daily review , but all lists are included in the daily review with no option to hide lists . this made the moments feature feel clunky and unusable .
nice app overall ! it does what it promises . i have two issues with this . 1. the widget seem broken . previously , when i click on the task and mark as complete . now it takes me to the task management page and there is no way to mark that as complete from there . i have to open the app to do that . 2. there is no way to sort tasks based on date . as a user , when i open a task list , i should see all tasks that are coming up so i can plan accordingly . i have to manually do that when i mark as complete .
so far so good but two improvements would allow me to delete the other planner app i have on my phone . 1 ) reminders . i am looking for an app that would act like a print planner where i would list my tasks by day for the future . i 'd like to be able to check an app for mon. , tue , weds. , etc but without having to set a specific reminder for each . monday should just be monday without needing to set a time . would be great to just have a list for the whole day . 2 ) for lists such as grocery lists , i do n't see any setting to allow the app to stay on screen if you are currently in a store and trying to buy off your list . this is important ! ! no one wants to grocery shop and have to constantly unlock their screen to see the list .
why does n't this to-do list app work with natural language ? in most others you can write 'at 12pm do x and y ! ' and you 'll get a task added automatically .
can not sync with google task
i used to like this app , it is simple and easy to use . but lately it keeps deleting subtasks , or not saving correctly , so i go back to do thing i needed help remembering , it to find it gone . it also could be a lot easier to add a reminder notification
i will rather pay one time . update my rule is i never my buy subscription based apps . does n't make sense
nothing special , limited options , no google tasks sync , and costs $ 2.99/mo ? no thanks .
i have a big problem with this app , daily routine does n't repeat unless i complete it . but somtimes i really could not complete it . then it 's stop repeating , why ? ! ! ! ! plz fix it
this was a great app , a year or more , ago . the simplicity of adding and checking off tasks , without clutter of a bunch of fancy features , was it 's strength . basically , it was as simple as making a list on a piece of paper , with the added bonus of having reminders . now , however , it requires more steps to add to-dos , and is becoming more of a complicated app , loosing the original appeal . as of some time ago , notifications also stopped working , which mean i will leave , after some 5+ years of use .
ok. found the root cause . if i use cleaner application it will turn off the app . now back to normal . thanks
there seems go be a bug and the last task is not visible skmce it is covered by the `` i want to ... '' bar
i do n't like a widget with the monthly calendar plus events plus task . that monthly calendar is too big and unnecessary . i would like to have the option to watch a widget just with the date , the events and tasks . something symple : as if we can watch it in the application the same would better in the widget . when they change it i 'll give the 5
the app its good and all but i cant do anything without the app telling me i cant do it cuz i got to pay to do it and its very anoying for that i go to an app that is called ourhome that is completely free and has all the features ok the `` any.do premium '' for free so check that .
subscription based ( if you want non-trivial repeating tasks and no task repeating on completion option either ) , rather pay more upfront , uninstalling will stick with toodledo .
good but need group list/ list inside list option .
no notifications and tasks are not arranged in time orders
seems like it may be a good app , but i uninstalled as soon as i found out you have to pay a monthly fee for recurring reminders ( which is developed once and costs nothing to maintain )
it 's a very useful app , especialy when you are trying to form new habit and you need constant reminded to do that thing but what i hate in this app is y do i need to subscribe it do n't make any sense at all .
really great app , great interface , easy to input tasks but you ca n't have your tasks show on google calendar which is pretty disappointing .
does not work for oreo
there is a bug , i ca n't scroll down .
this is a great app for a group . but what it lacks is a `` comment '' for every tasks . ( or even a separated note section )
its not working in my op6 properly .. i am not able to access the full functionality of task in notification area ... looks like a bug
it is an okay app , but it keeps logging me out once a few weeks for some reason .
uninstalled do to app starting randomly
good
marvellous
i really like must of the app but it has 2 horrible bugs that made me uninstall it . whenever i make a new event in the widget it places it a day after the date that i chose and then the edit button does n't work and you are stuck with it and it might get confusing . i might download it again if that is fixed .
hi love the app so paid to remove adds on my phone but they are still showing on my tablet how do i remove .
where is the priority setting ? my app interface does n't match the video you created for new users . i liked everywhere and ca n't find any any to prioritize tasks , only set a time for a reminder . please provide up to date instruction for setting priorities and other details for using the app . thanks .
this app was a life saver for me . but its not working properly with my new oneplus 7. it does n't gives reminders which i set for whatever time . i get it once in a while , but most of the time no reminder . please provide a solution for this asap . thanks . edit ( 7/7 ) : it started working now . all i did was , in the battery settings , selected any do app , n selected the option dont optimize in it .
i hope i can change the template instead of this morning or tomorrow morning
decent app . would try premium , but not going to pay yearly , almost $ 50 for it . offer a monthly plan and i might try it .
9am `` plan your day '' bothers a lot , and i did n't find how to turn it off . also , reminders for events do n't work , and i relied on them a couple of times
mainly , i want the option to have a bigger font ! ! i forgot to cancel after the free week so i guess i am stuck with it for a year ... but the only reason i wanted to cancel thus otherwise good app is the font size . 7/3/19 . i did not want to increase the font size of all the other apps etc on my phone in order to increase this one . the others were an adequate size . since i could not change the size of the font internally to the app , i ended up not using it at all and now i am cancelling .
app ui is really good , i have tried almost all the top task list apps and like any.do best however would like to have heisenberg matrix added to organise my tasks . that is the one thing stoping me . i want the quadrants features in this app and i would be absolute member of this app until forever .
i just downloaded the app and tried to make a reminder but i did n't get any notification . do i have to keep my mobile data on if i want to get notified ?
seems legit , but i do n't know ... i do n't use it .
good app but at present unable to add additional attendees to events as it causes the app to crash . also it would be good to filter lists appearing on the calendar
needs an amoled black dark mode i am sick and tired of blinding myself everytime i use the app in the dark . would re-install in a heartbeat if and when that happens .
the android app is pretty good but the web app is lacking . i need both for a work flow that works for me . things like clear colour coding on projects across all platforms is needed . maybe this exists but i could n't easily find it .
i like the app , but when i open the app it always pop up to upgrade the app . this is a little bit annoying , since i just wan na check the to do list
i 'm new to using any.do , so i 'm still really unfamiliar with the app . i 'm so far finding that the free version is quite limited ... i wanted to try the free version before doing the free trial for the premium , to compare the differences . the main point i 'm unhappy with , is the fact that the reminders do n't make any noise , so if you 're not looking at your phone , you never realize you 're getting a reminder . is there a way in the free version to put a sound to the reminders ?
it 's very nice . i would definitely buy the premium version if it was one time payment but they ask monthly subscription ...
ok
great for daily list . used to use the grocery list . used to . had to turn it off due to spam . if it continues , i 'll uninstall the app . update/clarify : imo , spam is getting items added to my grocery list that i do n't want & never buy . it was the app telling me `` we 've added xyz to your grocery list ''
it is really good but the instructions are very simple . i could n't use the app to its full potential because i did n't know how .
the app is great , wish the premium version was cheaper though . 3.49 per month is just too much .
for change the colors we have to pay ... ? no thanks uninstall process ..
not showing contact suggestions after the latest update . i am using nokia 6.1 plus with android pie latest security patch .
یاشار
it was working great , for about 2 weeks but now shuts down ant time i try and invite atty attendee to any event . so disappointed . i thoight this was going to be my `` go to '' app and be reliable . the search continues ....
first impression is sufficient but not excellent . there are no settings for applying priorities to tasks and i could n't find also a setting for repeating tasks ( daily or for certain periods ) for specified hours ( from 17:00 - 20:00 ) .
recurring tasks an essential feature is available only in premium . premium is not available for one time purchase . monthly payment is way too much for an indian . it got to be affordable with one time payment for everyone to use . may be some one time payment option for different features like recurrent tasks , location reminder and paid themes would have been made it accessible for many .
please allow ability to scroll to see all the tasks . other than that , i like the main features and the shopping list
good but needs a widget
do n't want to subscribe ...
love the app ... but the reminder function is not working well . otherwise app is awesome . plz requested to fix it soon
reminders do n't pop up if the app is n't open such as clearing all open tabs or if you have n't opened it at all in a day . i think that 's why the app should be for , remind you because you may not have the time to . it 's a good app but pls i 'd like that this be worked on . i would also be nice if you can permit the option to pick alternating days or weeks as frequency of a task may not fall under weekly or daily . ( e.g tuesday , thursdays and saturdays ) .
excellent app and honestly my life would be so disorganised without it . really helps me to stay on track . my only request would be to give me greater control over when events repeat than the current setup of every day , week , 2 weeks , etc . ( e.g . allow me to repeat events on weekdays or even better specific days . like mondays and wednesdays for instance . ) otherwise the app is sublime . if this small detail is added then i see no reason to withhold my 5 start reading from you . great app .
pros - really good app in terms of productivity and usability . - love how it 's possible to colour code and label tasks eg personal , work , university etc . - love that it syncs with my google calendar . - plus i love the app 's ui . - i also like the focus option ; cons - i think the focus option should be more like the forest app and not allow you to go away from the screen/tree , otherwise the tree dies . - i also think you should be able to add attachments to events like you can with tasks .
a good app . if you know exactly what you want , you 'll need this app to get started . but a lot of us do n't know what we want to do . we do n't have a lifestyle coach to tell us how to improve our habits , or how to be productive . we seek it out in the charming articles on the internet . so maybe populate the internet with this app 's usability , behind a healthy/productive living theme . idk , just saying .
after testing the app for a while , i was ready to purchase it but read on your user guide that searching for tasks is not available on android . do you know when it would be available ? also , is there a one time fee purchase option ? is there a gmail integration feature ? like google tasks ? i like the minimalist simplistic clean look of your app : thumbs_up : . nice work on the widgets : thumbs_up : . thanks : slightly_smiling_face :
this app is just simply awesome : OK_hand : just one thing i missed was notification sound , it wo n't ring when a task is due , as a result i wo n't be able to know about the task if i ai n't using my phone .
very good app , it 's simple yet you can add layers to your tasks . my only issue is that , you need to pay for some features that are important for executing your tasks .
super good ! but the any.do moment no longer pops up on my new pixel 3a , which is the only reason i use this . it is enabled but only shows up in notifications , no popup . how do i get this working again ?
awesome app , i love it ! simple and great reminder systems ! one big thing is missing though : family calender : shared calender with family members ( incisive kids without the app/phone/e-mail ) and option to organise event and tasks for other familymembers .
reminder popups are not displaying at the bottom of my screen on my new samsung galaxy s20 ultra . they only appear in the notification area at the top of screen . is this an android 10 issue ? how do i get the popups again ? it worked fine on my samsung galaxy s8+
this application which i used thoroughly , and this application seriously deserves 5 stars : sparkles : . i have given 4 stars because it do n't have multiple user merged account in it . which helps our 4 members of family to write their to-do in a single place .
i 'm using the app couple of years and i really nice . it just really annoying when the reminder message pops up while you type a message or during the call ( while hanging up ... )
needs an easier way to switch from other task apps , specifically common ones such as google tasks . please add the functionality to import tasks , lists , reminders and events by logging in with a google account .
it 's very simple to use you can make your list easily and remind your tasks at the moment . thank 's
awesome app very helpful and does its purpose very well . just wish it was free or a one time purchase .
app services are very best . but its very expensive . when i tap for subscribe yearly subscription google say your limit cross .
money hungry devs want about $ 5/mo for simple features ... that 's about $ 60/year for the fully functional organizer app . other than that it seems nice so far .
widget not working correctly . when updating the date of task to future date , it still shows in today task
it is exelent ! sometimes a little buggy when deleting some tasks that are daily
this platform very good platform anything planning just used to any do
good application , its better if synchronisation time can be improved
add how long it takes to do a task instead of what time i should do the task
perfect except for one thing . the ' i want to ... ' button at the bottom of my to do list sometimes blocks the bottom item on my list , making it more difficult to cross off . there is already an add item button on each list category , so i think it should be removed or users should be given an option to remove it .
the ideal task mamager for me ! perfect combination of ability to customize tasks , design and great for team work . still would be better if tasks added to my lists would n't automatically add to all tasks where today , tomorrow etc sections are . sometimes i need them to keep in my lists and not be added to lists with some time attachment : ) if possible , i am your fan forever !
nice but cost too much yearly to buy .
good but have to pay for many of the features
i love the to do lists with simple and useful style and features , but the calendar is lacking a bit . you should be able to change events color . would be nice to have independent notes , instead of notes in each task , if it had that , the app would be the best organizer .
prefering this over google calendar . there is still an annoying bug where i cant edit/delete events added to the calendar externally ( through a gym app , for example ) . pressing `` edit '' then it just goes back to the calendar view instead of to editing
links to my amazon alexa and very useful , i hated typing stuff in but now i can just ask alexa to add stuff to my to do and shopping lists i really like it . there was nothing wrong with it before , i just do n't like typing much !
likes ~free ; the possibility of arranging the tasks list in my own order with a simple clic ans scroll , and having it in that order as home screen widget ; the possibility of having the events list widget just next to the tasks list widget . the events list also show the tasks and this seemingly appears like the rare feature of an events list and tasks list integrated on one screen . dislikes but it would be better if the tasks kept my prioritisation order even when they appear in the events list .
great app for planning . the missing 5th star is because the reminders are restricted , and not personalizable . if you want to be reminded at a specific hour of the day , you ca n't .
helpfull apps but it would be great if there is search feature
you should keep recurring tasks for free . that is the only reason i left using your app four years ago and started to use google keep . everything else is great .
i 'm enjoying the user interface . it 's has a nice aesthetic and more importantly has pretty much everything i need for putting down my tasks . however , the widget keeps freezing on my home page , and my completed tasks for a particular day do n't show up in the app for that day .
overall good and useful . i 'll likely continue to use , and .. .. . .. i would like more control of reminder sounds including repeating ( so i do n't miss it ) and sounds without needing to open app . ( maybe there are settings i can adjust ) . also more integration with other apps including trello and evernote and more a general multi app share feature would be great . as is i am copying and reentering things in multiple apps , and i want to just send them .
the app itself is great and i do n't mind that there 's a paid premium version . in fact i think that 's a great idea , but i do n't want to have to pay a subscription for a simple list app . i 'd absolutely pay a generous one time price for it because the app is worth it , but i do n't care for another subscription . i 'll have to stick with the free version
app ui is very good . when i see my today tasks , i see all the tasks . but i only want to see my today tasks list ( like todo list app ) . need another feature mean automatically overdue notification when i can not complete my today which tasks . i know that your reply , but i think it 's actually perfect example on todo.list .
only had a couple of days and generally good experience . ties in nicely with google assistant though i cant get it to automatically set a time to remind on a task when created by voice . slight niggle that when i do certain actions completing events the app jumps to mid july on the calendar ; no clue why but it 's pretty irritating overall seems to be helpful for productivity
i want to love this more but i ’ m not heaps impressed that dark mode is free and native on ios but not on android . i use my devices a lot later at night and it would really help if this app would keep the dark theme the rest of my apps generally manage to keep . it ’ s also the one constant notification that annoys the pants off me as it is bright white against the dark screen .
love this app . i use it daily and it 's an important part of my planning . the only thing i think would make it 5 star to me personally would be the ability to create seperate lists so that i can have 1 personal widget and 1 work widget . at the moment i can only create widgets using the same list .
love the organization so far . super easy to use even in comparison to other apps like this . would make one change , i would like to be able to click on a specific , individual time/date block on the single day , 3 day , week calendar set up to add a specific event/task to that individual date/time block
very nice app . it could use some more work . but i like the color tags and the plan your day feature .
becoming undispensable very fast ...
repetition should not be a premium function
loving this- the only addition i would have is being able to view highlighted tasks and events on the calender
it 's an excellent app very helpful i have one problem with it .. that i could n't easily copy tasks from one day to another .. if there is an easy way to do it please help me
the calendar widget can not follow up with today date , it just fixed at the date that created the widget only . hopefully can fix this problem
good app . but it needs to have tasks accepted from google calender
how to change letter style . ca n't read sub titles with double lines !
its a great app , although it only allows me to connect to amazon alexa , and not any other assistant .
smooth and simple ui . devs could make setting an alarm for tasks even simpler with less taps , since i use reminders at specific times for each task .
easy to use and i love the daily prompts to get things done ! even when i have not scheduled anything
make more advanced settings for paid subscription not the color of the theme .
this is great ! help ful , i get a lot more done now . i love this . it 's a great app .
good app so far . only problem is that there are some events that dont give me the delete option . why is that ?
not always reminder message pop up , sometimes missing time or day .
it seems to be a good wonderlist option . good notifications and i enjoy having the full calendar available .
amazingly good experience that lets you manage and plan your days ahead and let 's you take some time for yourself out of the haphazard schedule .
beautifully done ... love the features
very helpful and detailed app ... love it !
no ads that 's nice
long time user of this app , problem is it does n't have a search feature . or if it does i ca n't find it . sometimes i forget where i filed my note or task ( again longtime user ) and then it takes me a while to go through all my files to figure out which title heading i put it under , but if it had a search feature i could quickly find it and get back to being productive . for this reason i gave it 4 stars because it has room for improvement .
good app , but many paid services
helpful for my day to day tasks . still using free version
great way to stay organized
easy to use smart and flexible options
i use this for my honey-do , hardware store , and movies lists
i love this app and i am so glad that i have found it . i wish i had found it sooner , then i would n't have wasted my money on other apps ! the only things i would like improved is : - preview of the tasks in the tags and my list view . - the box view for the tags to be colour coded . instead of the text , the whole box is in the chosen colour . - quicker synchronisation with windows keep up the great work !
very helpful for me to list out my works
updated review based on developer reply : sadly not for me . for example you ca n't 1 ) turn off vibration when reordering tasks , 2 ) quickly select multiple tasks to assign labels , 3 ) view a list sorted by label/tag , 4 ) add priority to tasks , only labels which you can not use for sorting the list .
very clear app to use ! - > please add a widget with dark background ( now there are only light and dark transparant ) - > would also be nice to have a possibility to make a task that can only be checked if other task is done ( i know there are subtask possibities , but there are not so clear how to use then and they are not being showen in the main windows untill you open the parent task )
this is a good app ... requesting you to add some more options . 1. one is sorting for all tasks by date , by alphabet etc . 2. and the second option is to add search option for finding out any task which we already added . 3. the task on the bottom end is not visible because of the add button . please correct it
it 's a very good app , just that sometimes it does n't open like it 's frozen . i then have to go force it to stop then try again to open it .
good . works offline so i love that . but one improvement they must include is to allow us to have a hierarchy in projects . else it is too cluttered
very happy with this app , exactly what i needed . just 1 issue , if i put a repeating reminder for any task , it works ( rings/notifies ) only on the first day and nothing after that . please fix this .
tagging could be a much better experience . does n't support display by tags in mac and desktop apps . there 's got to be a way to snooze in bulk . should have an option to disable getting alerts for calendar entry , already too many of them .
it 's okay , i just really hope it would let you do more for free ! i know it 's 95 % free , but i like to repeat some tasks for a week , i am not saying it is bad , it 's an excellent app !
it a great app . repeating tasks are great when its chores that you only do once in a while . and sub tasks can actually be helpful too . the reason i give it 4 stars is because priorites in tasks come in a very tacked on way
i really love this app . i find myself wanting to make tasks for myself about it . it has an incredibly clean ui and feels great to use . the only issue i have with it is the pricing model for the pro version . for 5 or 6- admittedly useful- features , there 's a monthly subscription . which personally i find to be ludicrous . i 'd willingly pay a one time charge , but a monthly payment is just silly for this app .
i loved this app because it has a calendar and to-do list in one go . i can categorize my tasks and put subtasks below . but when i recently updated the app , no radio button to tick off for the subtasks . i handle a lot of tasks categorized . plus the notes below the subtasks is not there anymore . you need to add more clicks . it was easy and organized . now , in uninstalling . so sad , i thought i have found the app . was about to go premium to get the full benefits but uninstalling . : crying_face :
i used to love this ( five stars ) before you changed it . i was able to set repeatable tasks for each day of the week , but now if i set a repeating task today , for example , for every wednesday , the reminder will come up today , not wednesday . i want the reminder on the day i want . i am very disappointed . by the way , i wo n't use any do for my grocery list . i use a better one that keeps a running cost ( including tax ) for each store i go to .
it 's a great app , it has this option to connect to amazon alexa , which is great , but i wish there was the option of connecting to google assistant . otherwise it would have gotten 5 stars .
would give 5 stars if it was n't buggy and did n't cause me to miss a task . the calendar widget is a complete failure . it randomly removes some of the calendars that are synced and creates a duplicate of repeated tasks when they are marked as complete . the whole reason i subscribed to this app was because i needed to sync all my calendars and make my life easier by maintaining them all in one place and not miss any appointments or tasks . the app is useless if i ca n't rely on it to display and sync correctly . fix the bugs and i 'll reinstall and change to 5 stars .
confused . i 'm not sure what happened and i 'm glad i did n't have a long grocery list because i just had to transfer everything from my `` grocery list '' to a new one so it would open like a normal list and not as a pop up . i do n't understand why y'all thought that was a good idea but whatever . i 've clicked everything i can think to click . `` convert to regular list '' is n't an option that i 've seen anywhere . is that only in premium ?
it 's very good . moved off wunderlist since microsoft is forcing a ms account and will eventually get rid of it . it 's not as good as wunderlist which i miss but it 's very good so using this moving forward .
great app gets my day well organized . but i ca n't easily search for items in the list . i have to scan through all items one after the other . takes time
it 's a great app . 4 stars because i think one addition would be a way to have 2 identical widgets running without being connected . like 1 widget set for my daily goals tasks ( shower , laundry , gym ) , and the second widget for tasks i update and add throughout the day ( pick up milk , get haircut ) ! that way i do n't get overwhelmed by a single long list but instead have 2 smaller lists . i 'm a `` one screen all widgets '' guy . another addition would possibly be a widget calendar list , instead of having the 30 day calendar + each days events . seems useless to have such a huge window of calendar days when i really just need to have a list of events of each day . samsung calendar has this widget and it 's perfect .
very good for scheduling , making tasks and sorting your day , considerably better than google calendar , but there is a part of the app that you have to buy . works fine without buying , i use it on a daily basis
loving this app so far . my only concern is that it does not highlight the current date on the calender when i open the app if there are no tasks/events for that day . this can be confusing . another concern is that the calender does not indicate whether there are tasks/events for particular days by showing tiny dots next to the date .
useful program . could be the center of my daily activities . would be better-smoother , more integration with gmail and google calendar with , again , better , easy , even default -- 'scheduled follow-ups ' on same screen -- category , priority , time/date . no less important , drag and drop tasks onto other categorical tasks to create a categorical hierarchy based on time/date/priority-level in the task . then , instantly shows in google calendar with a simple , mouse-over 'zoom-to-task ' in the calendar .
real nice app . i like links to google calendar for events , reminders . not sure about tasks . have you guys thought about drag and drop between tasks and events ? it 'd be perfect for time blocking or scheduling tasks . right now i use a zapier that takes new tasks in a specific list and lists them as 5 am on today 's calendar . i 'd like to drag them to certain times so my schedule does n't fill up ( shows time blocks as busy in calendar ) . thanks
this app is just great , it not only reminds me what i need to do , it really motivates me to do stuff . the only problem i 'm facing , whenever i try to mark a task as completed , the task crashes , and then it updates and actually shown as completed , except this annoying bug , i love it .
i really like this application . it 's super simple . two things i want - schedule upcoming tasks in my calendar and do meal planning as well in it .
all it needs is google calendar integration . edit : oh wait it does have it ! i was using the any.do chrome extension ( the little pop out thing ) when writing this review . the any.do chrome extension does not have the ability to display google calendar events alongside one 's any.do tasks whereas the any.do android app does indeed have it . afaik . it does n't have ifttt applets but i 'd return if it made some .
the app is really amazing . it helps me plan my day ahead and it 's super convenient because it plays u whatever that have been planned on the day like a recap moment . thanks : )
meh , does n't have dark mode ( easier on the eyes ) that 's the one thing that breaks it for me
i like the ease of creating different to do lists , ability to create subtasks , and that i can make my grocery shopping list according to what store i shop at . it 's great that the grocery list are automatically sorted by aisle for you . however , i noticed that if i add a price to the beginning or end of the grocery item , that it gets put in the 'other ' aisle category . i also like how you can switch something in one list to a different one just by tapping on it . nice work : thumbs_up :
1 week in . not bad . somewhat intuituve . i like this app so far for its thoughtful blend of simplicity and intuitive features that go beyond being a task list , & more into routine habits . some important features are hard to find or change after initial set up . my day planning activity 'anydo.moment ' : i could not find all week to modify ... so , it was starting this important step at a difficult time of day to use . many simmilar apps aim & claim to be useful but only achieve novelty .
as someone with adhd , organizational tools are a necessity and this is one of the best . i say that having tried just about every well rated organizational app in the app store . that said , this is obviously still in development . the web version is missing many important aspects . however new features are coming out regularly and the team is very responsive . once a few more features are up to par ( namely the website and the smart lists ) i 'll be changing this to a 5 star reveiw and paying for pro .
good
everyone would be more productive if tasks had multiple notifications aside from the due date notification . hopefully you 'll introduce it in the next update . thanks !
nice
best list app on this app store
good luck
love the app ... but the reminder function is not working well . otherwise app is awesome . plz requested to fix it soon
can u ads the sub task in the home page
awesome app very helpful and does its purpose very well . just wish it was free or a one time purchase .
no ads that 's nice
this platform very good platform anything planning just used to any do
helpfull apps but it would be great if there is search feature
awesome
to do list
bit improvement
great
very good app , it 's simple yet you can add layers to your tasks . my only issue is that , you need to pay for some features that are important for executing your tasks .
long time user of this app , problem is it does n't have a search feature . or if it does i ca n't find it . sometimes i forget where i filed my note or task ( again longtime user ) and then it takes me a while to go through all my files to figure out which title heading i put it under , but if it had a search feature i could quickly find it and get back to being productive . for this reason i gave it 4 stars because it has room for improvement .
it 's very simple to use you can make your list easily and remind your tasks at the moment . thank 's
good but have to pay for many of the features
great
very helpful for me to list out my works
good application , its better if synchronisation time can be improved
reminder popups are not displaying at the bottom of my screen on my new samsung galaxy s20 ultra . they only appear in the notification area at the top of screen . is this an android 10 issue ? how do i get the popups again ? it worked fine on my samsung galaxy s8+
widget not working correctly . when updating the date of task to future date , it still shows in today task
it is exelent ! sometimes a little buggy when deleting some tasks that are daily
good !
repetition should not be a premium function
pros - really good app in terms of productivity and usability . - love how it 's possible to colour code and label tasks eg personal , work , university etc . - love that it syncs with my google calendar . - plus i love the app 's ui . - i also like the focus option ; cons - i think the focus option should be more like the forest app and not allow you to go away from the screen/tree , otherwise the tree dies . - i also think you should be able to add attachments to events like you can with tasks .
this app is just simply awesome : OK_hand : just one thing i missed was notification sound , it wo n't ring when a task is due , as a result i wo n't be able to know about the task if i ai n't using my phone .
great way to stay organized
nice app
after testing the app for a while , i was ready to purchase it but read on your user guide that searching for tasks is not available on android . do you know when it would be available ? also , is there a one time fee purchase option ? is there a gmail integration feature ? like google tasks ? i like the minimalist simplistic clean look of your app : thumbs_up : . nice work on the widgets : thumbs_up : . thanks : slightly_smiling_face :
like
excellent app and honestly my life would be so disorganised without it . really helps me to stay on track . my only request would be to give me greater control over when events repeat than the current setup of every day , week , 2 weeks , etc . ( e.g . allow me to repeat events on weekdays or even better specific days . like mondays and wednesdays for instance . ) otherwise the app is sublime . if this small detail is added then i see no reason to withhold my 5 start reading from you . great app .
nice but cost too much yearly to buy .
the ideal task mamager for me ! perfect combination of ability to customize tasks , design and great for team work . still would be better if tasks added to my lists would n't automatically add to all tasks where today , tomorrow etc sections are . sometimes i need them to keep in my lists and not be added to lists with some time attachment : ) if possible , i am your fan forever !
good a d structured
good
app services are very best . but its very expensive . when i tap for subscribe yearly subscription google say your limit cross .
meh , does n't have dark mode ( easier on the eyes ) that 's the one thing that breaks it for me
is 4 enough ?
becoming undispensable very fast ...
beautiful design but , i 'd prefer a one time charge option for the pro version
needs an easier way to switch from other task apps , specifically common ones such as google tasks . please add the functionality to import tasks , lists , reminders and events by logging in with a google account .
may i know what 's the difference between this app and the any.do calendar app ?
good performance so far
good
awesome app , i love it ! simple and great reminder systems ! one big thing is missing though : family calender : shared calender with family members ( incisive kids without the app/phone/e-mail ) and option to organise event and tasks for other familymembers .
this application which i used thoroughly , and this application seriously deserves 5 stars : sparkles : . i have given 4 stars because it do n't have multiple user merged account in it . which helps our 4 members of family to write their to-do in a single place .
add how long it takes to do a task instead of what time i should do the task
i need help , the app does not send notifications about my tasks , even i had put a time to go off and allowed all the permissions in my smartphone configuration .
v good but complex
super good ! but the any.do moment no longer pops up on my new pixel 3a , which is the only reason i use this . it is enabled but only shows up in notifications , no popup . how do i get this working again ?
good . works offline so i love that . but one improvement they must include is to allow us to have a hierarchy in projects . else it is too cluttered
how to change letter style . ca n't read sub titles with double lines !
nothing important but some time innocently surprise made me stronger .. : people_with_bunny_ears :
good app
likes ~free ; the possibility of arranging the tasks list in my own order with a simple clic ans scroll , and having it in that order as home screen widget ; the possibility of having the events list widget just next to the tasks list widget . the events list also show the tasks and this seemingly appears like the rare feature of an events list and tasks list integrated on one screen . dislikes but it would be better if the tasks kept my prioritisation order even when they appear in the events list .
beautifully done ... love the features
what programming language used to develop it for android . i 'm a student & i wan na build apps . please help . i loved the app . i find it very inspiring .
loving this- the only addition i would have is being able to view highlighted tasks and events on the calender
a good app . if you know exactly what you want , you 'll need this app to get started . but a lot of us do n't know what we want to do . we do n't have a lifestyle coach to tell us how to improve our habits , or how to be productive . we seek it out in the charming articles on the internet . so maybe populate the internet with this app 's usability , behind a healthy/productive living theme . idk , just saying .
i 'm using the app couple of years and i really nice . it just really annoying when the reminder message pops up while you type a message or during the call ( while hanging up ... )
great app
reminders do n't pop up if the app is n't open such as clearing all open tabs or if you have n't opened it at all in a day . i think that 's why the app should be for , remind you because you may not have the time to . it 's a good app but pls i 'd like that this be worked on . i would also be nice if you can permit the option to pick alternating days or weeks as frequency of a task may not fall under weekly or daily . ( e.g tuesday , thursdays and saturdays ) .
money hungry devs want about $ 5/mo for simple features ... that 's about $ 60/year for the fully functional organizer app . other than that it seems nice so far .
helpful
make more advanced settings for paid subscription not the color of the theme .
unmatched
links to my amazon alexa and very useful , i hated typing stuff in but now i can just ask alexa to add stuff to my to do and shopping lists i really like it . there was nothing wrong with it before , i just do n't like typing much !
perfect except for one thing . the ' i want to ... ' button at the bottom of my to do list sometimes blocks the bottom item on my list , making it more difficult to cross off . there is already an add item button on each list category , so i think it should be removed or users should be given an option to remove it .
very helpful and detailed app ... love it !
i love the to do lists with simple and useful style and features , but the calendar is lacking a bit . you should be able to change events color . would be nice to have independent notes , instead of notes in each task , if it had that , the app would be the best organizer .
calendar widget has a glitch when you edit event to repeat it changes the day to a day before example i put my mom 's bday on jan 15 all day event and saved then went back in to edit repeat every year and it changed it to jan 14
it 's okay , i just really hope it would let you do more for free ! i know it 's 95 % free , but i like to repeat some tasks for a week , i am not saying it is bad , it 's an excellent app !
great to do app
excellent !
i 'm waiting for it 's windows app : /
very nice app . it could use some more work . but i like the color tags and the plan your day feature .
you should keep recurring tasks for free . that is the only reason i left using your app four years ago and started to use google keep . everything else is great .
so cliche ! first u make people addicted to something , then u put a price on it . not all the countries have the possibility to purchase . please add hijri shamsi to any.do 's calendar . the christian month names and other calendar features are not any recognizable for we persians using shamsi calendar month names
good
it 's a very good app , just that sometimes it does n't open like it 's frozen . i then have to go force it to stop then try again to open it .
i really like it
great app for planning . the missing 5th star is because the reminders are restricted , and not personalizable . if you want to be reminded at a specific hour of the day , you ca n't .
good app , but many paid services
works lovely
prefering this over google calendar . there is still an annoying bug where i cant edit/delete events added to the calendar externally ( through a gym app , for example ) . pressing `` edit '' then it just goes back to the calendar view instead of to editing
good app . but it needs to have tasks accepted from google calender
good
could have more types of priorities
thank you for the prompt response . i 've been using any.do for years and will be continuing to do so : grinning_face : . i like some features available with the premium option , but i 'm not a subscription person ... still , i have n't seen any app to beat any.do : blue_heart :
love the organization so far . super easy to use even in comparison to other apps like this . would make one change , i would like to be able to click on a specific , individual time/date block on the single day , 3 day , week calendar set up to add a specific event/task to that individual date/time block
overall good and useful . i 'll likely continue to use , and .. .. . .. i would like more control of reminder sounds including repeating ( so i do n't miss it ) and sounds without needing to open app . ( maybe there are settings i can adjust ) . also more integration with other apps including trello and evernote and more a general multi app share feature would be great . as is i am copying and reentering things in multiple apps , and i want to just send them .
only had a couple of days and generally good experience . ties in nicely with google assistant though i cant get it to automatically set a time to remind on a task when created by voice . slight niggle that when i do certain actions completing events the app jumps to mid july on the calendar ; no clue why but it 's pretty irritating overall seems to be helpful for productivity
ok so far .
its a good app
nice one
good app
i 'm enjoying the user interface . it 's has a nice aesthetic and more importantly has pretty much everything i need for putting down my tasks . however , the widget keeps freezing on my home page , and my completed tasks for a particular day do n't show up in the app for that day .
update : thank you for the info ! it does what i want : ) i have been using this app for about a month . i was excited to see i can separate my to-do list into today , tomorrow , someday etc. , as this feature i use to prioritise tasks , which is what i really wanted from the app . unfortunately it keeps moving all the tasks back into today , which makes it kind of pointless to separate them in the first place : ( please fix this or i 'm on the hunt for another to-do list organizer . )
great app ! i 'm a heavy hitter when it comes to looking for something wrong with an app and i will be blunt . so far no complaints . the app runs smoothly . there are a lot of great features for the free version . what would set this app over the top for me . would be the ability to move task to another topic . boom : exploding_head : .hope this review helps you in best way possible . let me know what you think : thinking_face : ?
since microsoft scrapped `` wunderlist '' for `` microsoft to-do '' which is a significant downgrade , i had to look for an alternative . i ca n't believe that i found something that not only gave me back everything i lost from switching to `` to-do '' but is actually a major improvement . highly recommended .
this is the best productivity app i have ever used and i 'll keep using it . it is so simple and intuitive , with useful reminders that keep you on track . the only option that is missing in my opinion is to set alarms ( not only reminders ) for tasks that can go on few hours before , other than that it 's 5 stars all day long ! thanks guys .
i 'm kind of a geek .... i like planners . i used to try out lots of different physical planners , then switched to trying out lots of planner apps . this is my current favorite . i love that it integrates with my calendars and that i can put specific times on my to-do tasks if i want .... makes it so i can look at their calendar view and see all of my meetings and my tasks based on when i 'm planning to do them . i like being able to quickly schedule tasks , snooze tasks , schedule recurring tasks , etc .
using the free app works for what i need . it helps me put down my thoughts of what i need to get done later when they pop into my head . when i have the time later i check it and see all the things i normally forget about and get them done . sometimes the reminders are annoying and i 'm sure they 're a way to turn them off but they do remind me to check out what i 've out down .
i love the fact this integrates with whatsapp , i use it for work and personal it make thing so much easier !
wildly impressed at how much this has helped me to continue to get more organized in life as a whole , not personally and at work , its inexpensive for the subscription and can do so many things , most of which i have yet to tap in to , i feel so much more in control as this keeps everything in front of me and i k ow what i have to do and when
i started using any do when i was very unorganized and had too much stuff in my head . i used the 7-day trial and got everything out on paper with all of the different kinds of things i had to do and it was all included in any do which was perfect so i signed up for a year everything from doctors to paying bills and making a grocery list ! i 've never had a problem it 's wonderful .
it took 5 different apps to find this one . everyone lacked in some major way . be it reminders , the interface , or the way it was organized . this is by far the best ! lacking : occurrences option is limited to one one occurance on andriod , need more , grouping lists under a single name ( aka , history , math , science under `` school '' ) , for things to be arranged by time with unschulded things at bottom of `` today '' or `` tomorrow '' columns to schedule later . and importance/urgency ratings on tasks . amazin app
love hate relationship . the app is great .. it nags and nags and @ * ! @ @ ! nags per your settings until you want to kill it .. dead ! ! and then again ! but it does its job . the reminders are rude , intrusive , nagging , annoying and constant but acheive your goal of reminding you to take care of things until you actually achieve items on your list . i hate it .. but it 's supreme for procrastinators , busy people , air heads , and anyone else who needs a keeper to keep them on target . phone/setting dependent
in my opinion , it is the best app for reminders and to do . i use it every day to plan and organize my day . some features i constantly use are google calendar integration , focus mode and priority tags . the interface is also very clean . great work , any.do team
clean interface . i liked the minimalistic design without much clutter . but have a question for team . i have added hundreds of tasks in a list . now i want to edit a particular task . i could not figure out how to search that task , it is difficult to go through huge list .
i love this app ! it has helped me get organized and remember important things in a way that is so simple and easy ! i have one request ... can the developers make a widget for the `` lists '' so i can swipe easily to it on my home screen ? thanks !
one thing most apps lack is the calendar . this app has the list and calendar integrated into one . you can actually see your entire day of what you have to do in one app . great job guys . my # 1 planning app so far .
i have tried a lot of these types of apps . hands down any.do is the best . im terms of user friendliness , user experience , and what have you . gon na buy and would recommend the same . thank you any.do ! my head is a lot less noisy now : smiling_face : .
the app has a clean sharp interface and is easy to use . i appreciate having one app for my daily todo 's and calendar needs . it also never unexpectedly quits on me .
i 'm a novice free user and i use it primarily to set reminders . i love the way it pops up at the bottom of the screen and the display of the reminders . the design and user friendliness is super cool ! it 's been a wonderful experience so far and i highly recommend it !
i have been using this app for years , i can make different lists , add reminders , and it 's very easy to use ... love it !
this is the best to do application i 've ever used . i 've tried a lot and i love the way this one breaks down the lists into today , tomorrow , upcoming and someday . i would definitely recommend it .
does what it says and well ave does n't try to be anything else . easy interface to use . i have been using this for years and never had any issues and recently upgraded to premium .
user friendly interface with voice commands ... thats the best feature however it still takes time to add a task by voice as we have to use gui for time and date reminder can i somehow set by default : priority to high and reminder to repeat with alarm
really helpful app to keep track of my to do list . it is nice to have an app that is very organized . and i can keep it separated from my other things . great app and better than any app i have tried . a++++
i like i can have a list of my assignments to do and even create grocery lists and it sections it off automatically . once done , i just simple cross out what was completed . no issues after using for about 2 weeks .
i have loved the past 2 days of using the free version and , coupled with `` focus '' mode on my phone , the past 2 days have been super productive . thank you !
happy ! ! ! i just found out this amazing app . i love devs from israel , not discriminating others tho . but i have a thing about calendar view . it shows different month other than the current month , same with the today 's date , it shows other dates hmmm ... maybe i clicked or touch something ? help !
love it . downloaded it and deleted it over the years , and everytime i get it back i get so amazed at the amazing new features . it helps me straighten up my life . thank you .
super app ! great layout makes it better for planning than using a standard calendar . recurring tasks function clears so much unnecessary mental clutter , freeing up neurons to work on more passionate pursuits .
great app . combining the calendar , tasks and grocery list make it so much easier to handle and manage my time/day .
super cool app to organize your day . it reminds you all the time to keep up with your schedule . a great app to change your way from unorganized to better organized .
this app has helped me greatly in getting organized and managing my life . i like that it intergrates with my calendar and email . great productivity and goal app .
this all is great ! i have downloaded and used it for 20 minutes then i bought premium for one year straight away because it worth so much things in this app and helps me alot . 5 stars and reccomend it !
this is the very best app i 've ever used . if you are a lists person , any.do is a must have , so easy to use , tons of feature , but as simple as you need it to be .
bough the premium subscription for 37 aud . worth every penny . made a top firm list of things i need to sort out this week . was wondering where to start for past couple hours . checked out google . creating a group for myself in whatsapp to remind . astonightly undoubtedly worthy . new whatsapp integrations let 's you to be reminded whenever you set it to . chartbots to the win !
contnuously improving and yet very good since the beginning . very clear ui and design . easy to use . great job !
i really appreciate the format of this one . i just wish i could color code without paying extra .
brilliant and syncs with google home like a gem ! interface is gorgeous compared to google calendar . love the way google calendar and tasks all work together seamlessly .
i bought paid version . it works perfectly for me . serves the purpose . now i am able to manage my daily tasks with efficiency .
the 4th image from the beginning has a time difference in the phone time and the edited time .. can change it apart from that .. the app is just great and loved it : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : :victory_hand :
amazing app ! i love how easy it is to use . it automatically syncs with my calenders and the grocery list is such a plus !
this app is truly helping me be productive and the ui is very good . reminders sent on whatsapp are a boon , in short a great app .
i love this app . it never crashes or loses my data . the collaborative features are great . this is the only task managment app i recommend .
great app , a section to keep track of birthdays , anniversaries , addresses.would be a great addition
great since i always forget everything . i highly recommend the premium it makes my life so much easier im sure it would make yours easier too
basic functionality , and apparently that 's enough for personal usage . but this animations and user experience make you open this app again and again and again ...
any.do is just the best task organiser , it has been of tremendous help to me professionally and even for organising stuff at home . i love love love this app !
amazing app , i use it frequently and it is a life saver , as my memory can be bad sometimes . thank you for the awesome app !
streamlined , attractive and functional interface . my favorite app for making lists ! ! !
at the moment i 'm using free version and it 's suit my needs . i 've never rated apps before , so i think it 's good mark .
good reminder app fir personal and professional use i used the free version and am happy with it . takes a couple if days to get used to although the ui is quite simple .
i just love it ! it 's so simple without so many colors that stun the brain ! i like !
looks clean and this app have those details which other apps doesnt have . this can complete functions which i needed . great app .
this app helps me with my tasks . the new update is really awesome . i 'm impressed and totally satisfied . thanks : winking_face :
the best , cleanest , most uncluttered to do list app . thank you matt for sharing this
any.do has helped me significantly in my day . the app allows you to have control of your plans , events and tasks .
i used this app many years ago but i ca n't remember why i stopped using it . whatever the reason was , they must have improved a lot because i 'm loving the app now . never been so productive .
love the user experience , makes it easy and fun to manage my todos !
amazing app , would be happy to have simple record button to add taska while drivrin thing pop up to my head
this app is perfect for making my list and helping me stay on task to complete them .
makes managing an ever changing task list with various deadlines manageable . highly recommend .
great app for staying on track with several tasks .
this is the best app u can customize your to do list and its reminding feature can help u not 4get any of the task u have to do and it can be much more better to have ur to do list on ur phone cz it can keep u remember ur tasks
any.do does it right . light where it needs to be light , strong where it needs to be strong . a delight to use .
excellent app.helps thru the day to get things done . great app
honestly perfect . allows for you to add subtasks to major objectives and is very cross platform compatible .
excellent app , easy to use , and great , responsive customer service .
lifesaver ... i am very forgetful but this app along with alexa make sure i remember the simplest of things every day . love it
excellent - thank you . i appreciate you having a free version without a time limit .
it 's an awesome apps to maintain daily work and get notify .
this is a very useful app , helps me a lot with my day to day task management
exceptional ! ! ! works perfectly .
helps me keep track of my tasks and goals in an intuitive and easy to use interface .
simple and easy to use . help and remind me day to day task .
it 's very very helpful and simple to use .... i use it daily to list n maintain by task list or reminders .
smooth and easy to use . no disruptive ads and no annoying interface overlays
this is very well design app , the calendar mixing of the tasks and events is very handy .
as someone with chronic forgetfulness , the intrusive overlay and mediative periods to plan needed tasks are a godsend .
this app is simple to use . reliable for daily use . it helped me much to do my tasks .
simple and intuitive . best to-do app i 've ever used .
perfect for my to do list , easy to use and does what it says on the tin !
really intuitive , works great . simplified my life . highly recommended
awesome app improved my efficiency by 80 % pros- > integrates with google cal , awesome ui & ux
very good for time management and reminding you when need to get things done .
excellent app . i like how seamlessly it zaps to other apps .
super easy to use . great widget keeps lists clean . love it
this app rocks goodness ! perfect for daily tasks and appts .
its a great todo app , have assistant integration make it awesome ! if you can please add telegram bot and ifttt ..
amazing app now i can easily remember every single shopping items , but i ca n't afford premium : loudly_crying_face : :loudly_crying_face : :loudly_crying_face : thank you so much sir : two_hearts : :two_hearts : :two_hearts :
love the app ... very powerful . used it for 2 years .
love the app ! great replacement for the dying wunderlist !
so far app has performed well . has many more features that i need to explore . recommend it for important reminders
very best planner . i just love using it .
great planning app , reliable and easy to use .
very easy to use , never neglect a bill or task now : grinning_face_with_big_eyes :
so easy to use and the free options are generous
great but i 'm on premium and i cant cancel play store not showing subscription either
it is absolutely amazing , i can complete my tasks now very easily .
best experience , has helped me to be organised as much as possible . thanks
it 's been great ! a great to do list app
love this app . it works very well and helps me organize my life
i have tried soo many to do apps . but this is the best i 've come across . regret that i found it this late . : grinning_face_with_sweat : this is an amazing app . great work guys ! : heart_suit : planning to buy a subscription pretty soon . one suggestion : instead of billing annually , could you do it quarterly or monthly subscription .
lovely : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
i appreciate being able to schedule blocks of time to tackle tasks ( i also love the grocery list app )
i 'm glad it 's app have clear more
this app is the best , i started leaving my games , youtube , social media , and just organizing my life through this , it started organising everything in my life , from the grocery lists , to my studying lists , to my cleaning lists , to the calender , and all of these and i still didnt participate in the premium of this app , it is amazing even without it , though i think it would be better with it ... this application is thr best life organiser ! ! ! download it now for free ! ! ! for better life ! ! ! ; )
good organizer
it really helped dude , i have online school and since there is no teacher to scream at me i delay my work but never seem to do it . but thanks to this app i 'm planning everything and i 'm slowly getting back in track . recommend to all students out there
if you do n't do any event today , it will not move to next day automatically . you have to manually click on event and give time and date again . i have to use task for this . i got it . it 's good if time of tasks can also be shown on widget . thanks !
love it to keep track of my projects
perfect : OK_hand : :OK_hand :
download ing
awesome app improved my efficiency by 80 % pros- > integrates with google cal , awesome ui & ux
excellent
hey friends , your `` draw over other apps '' is n't working on huawei latest emui anymore .
good app
highly appreciable app
it 's great
hands down `` the best ! '' if you have a laundry list of `` to do '' items on your list , this app is absolutely the best that i have found that keeps all of them nice and compact in one very user friendly interface .
excellent
אחלה אפליקציה , עובדת נהדר גם בעיברית
perfect app
has been using for 6 years now . thumbs up !
very good
exceptional ! ! ! works perfectly .
student
so far great for me
wonderful application
i lovet it
nice
excellent app to get your daily tasks organised .
the app has a clean sharp interface and is easy to use . i appreciate having one app for my daily todo 's and calendar needs . it also never unexpectedly quits on me .
love hate relationship . the app is great .. it nags and nags and @ * ! @ @ ! nags per your settings until you want to kill it .. dead ! ! and then again ! but it does its job . the reminders are rude , intrusive , nagging , annoying and constant but acheive your goal of reminding you to take care of things until you actually achieve items on your list . i hate it .. but it 's supreme for procrastinators , busy people , air heads , and anyone else who needs a keeper to keep them on target . phone/setting dependent
does everything you need when you have a task top of mind throw it in anydo .
this app can really improve your life !
perfect
any.do is one of the best productivity app , i 've made my whole family download it !
i love the fact this integrates with whatsapp , i use it for work and personal it make thing so much easier !
great app
exceptional !
pretty useful
wonderful app
lmmd
cool
very good
5 stars for being a radiohead fan .... great app by the way ....
excellent product ! ! i think this is the third time i am editing my review for this app . that 's mainly because the app popped up the review request while i was planning my tasks . i should feel like i was interrupted right ? no i was n't . this app is helping me for several years i even forgot when i started using it . and i just ca n't stress enough how much i like it . fantastic work guys !
great .... makes you organise your life .
dari beberapa aplikasi untuk list kerjaan , ini yg terbaik . wajib punya aplikasi ini
awesome easy to use
tv
i really like this app . it is right there to write down reminders and if you need to write a more detailed description is easy to add . addendum 3/25/2020 . still happy with this app . use it everyday , every week . right there when i need it .
awesome !
love it . helps keep my mind monkeys on task .
good . please make a note taking app also . you make amazing apps .
very good
very good experience ...
so easy to use and the free options are generous
the best yo do list app : OK_hand_light_skin_tone : :OK_hand_light_skin_tone : i like the notification process and style
very helpful
awesome apk
excellent app.helps thru the day to get things done . great app
good app
אפליקציה פשוטה , ברורה ועונה על הצרכים . כיף להשתמש בה . עדי
amazing
superb .
this app is truly helping me be productive and the ui is very good . reminders sent on whatsapp are a boon , in short a great app .
verry good
very good app
i really appreciate the format of this one . i just wish i could color code without paying extra .
excellent with alexa
great but i 'm on premium and i cant cancel play store not showing subscription either
just starting out . will post an honest opinion after i take it for a spin ! ! !
best
great app
good . simple and effective
always good
been using it well over a year , i find it useful
the best organizational app out there !
easy to use , efficient , beats the rest .
i have been using this app for years , i can make different lists , add reminders , and it 's very easy to use ... love it !
it is very useful , and helps my day yield more
very useful app
agenda always in sync so you ’ ll never forget a thing . sync your phone ’ s calendar , google calendar , facebook events , outlook calendar or any other calendar so you don ’ t forget an important event . • set reminders - one time reminders , recurring reminders , location reminders & voice reminders . new ! easily create tasks and get reminders in whatsapp . • work toge
it 's been great ! a great to do list app
love the reminders
this is a very useful app , helps me a lot with my day to day task management
niceee it help me alotp
did n't syncs with google account
amazing
really useful
easy good app . so far i like it .
great app
super usefull .... plain and simple
ok
absolutely love it
really useful , easy to use
very well polished minimalist .
best productivity app till now : shooting_star : :shooting_star : :shooting_star : :shooting_star : :shooting_star :
user friendly
very good
rescheduling tasks is simply randomly not working . rescheduling something for today can make task dissapear , earlier i have experienced that it duplicated tasks . this way a basic functionality is broken and i just lost what should i follow-up today ... no activity log available , as that is a paid feature . i guess i will never try that now .
subscription service to enable simple reminders is ridiculous . i was willing to pay a one time fee for a solid app , but having to pay nearly $ 5 per month just to enable reminders is absurd . once i saw how many basic features were being kept behind a pay wall , i had to stop using it
dislike the latest widget downgrade - the loss of the ability to select multiple tasks is frustrating . not sure how long i will stick with this app now as the widget is far less user friendly than previous version .
newest update to the widget made it suck . there is not a reschedule button anymore which i used to use to move all my overdue tasks to a new day . also no button on the widget to open up the main app anymore .
new android widget is garbage . `` full control '' yea ok you took away useful features and gave us more theme options . can no longer open app from widget and most importantly you can no longer select multiple tasks from the widget which was super useful for rescheduling .
please make it possible to quickly switch from the widget to the app . one star to attract attention . will make it 5 as soon as widgettoappbutton appears .
a nice little app . liked most aspects of it ... but had to uninstall because of just one feature - reminder . i dont know why would someone decide to ship this very basic feature as a premium one ! if an app like this reminds me after two days in an email that i have overdue tasks than there is absolutely no purpose of using such an app .
looking at the features and lots of accolades i tried uninstalled after just a trial . reason : in the free version notification feature is missing . if the task misses the set time , there is no notification . we will come to know only if we open the app . insanely ridiculous . not sure what have the product team thought while excluding such a basic feature .
mostly features are for premium account and you can not delete account once you create . disappointed with to this app
the widget , which is the whole reason i downloaded this app , does n't seem to be updating anymore , even when i click the refresh button . additionally , there does n't seem to be a way to mark a task as not completed once you 've already marked it as completed .
wow ... a to do list app without the option to make your tasks recurring . i wo n't lie , i am absolutely baffled that this is omitted . maybe it 's in the web version , or the ios version , but i 'll never know ... you tick a date in the calendar and ... where is the tick box for 'repeat every xxx ' ? maybe it 's a premium feature , i guess i 'll never know that either ...
todoist has 1 big flaw that really prevents me to use it well : if you schedule a task to be repeated daily and do it few minutes after midnight it will skip a day . overdue tasks that are completed should add the repeat time to the previous date not be reset to the day they are marked compete ! !
this is a loser . upgraded to premium without my permission for a free trial , no option in the app to return to free option . and i 'm maxed out on tasks on the premium . will delete before i pay for premium . prior review : migrated from wunderlist seamlessly . much more cumbersome compared to wunderlist .
todoist is garbage . nevermind the idiotic text-based method for creating daily tasks , this stupid app seems to think `` every day '' is a suggestion , even with premium . been using this app for three weeks & every few days , it refuses to renew my daily tasks . scheduled reminders disappear . curse & blast whoever eol 'd wunderlist cuz it was perfect for my needs . this todoist trash ? not at all . i will cling to wunderlist until the very end .
bought the paid version and added various tasks on desktop . wo n't even log me in or load anything . downloaded the app to access my tasks and shows nothing . i even paid for premium . very dissatisfied and disputing through my bank . this is worst than free apps like keepnote . seriously disappointed
no trial to try premium features . what 's the point trying app without able to set reminders ?
first , the app changed my task name . then , the task just disappeared and was not in the app . bad app .
do n't lock reminders behind a pay wall , or if you do , make it a 1 time purchase .
needs registration . ca n't use existing caldav task accounts
after the last update i ca n't connect to the app anymore with my vpn turned on which is extremely annoying ! ! !
ca n't use it without providing your email address . immediate uninstall .
$ 36 per year for push notification reminders ? no thanks .
reminders are a premium feature ? are you kidding me ? this is an absolute deal breaker . i deleted after trying for 2 minutes .
half of stuff is paid .. reminder is something basic with notes . if this is not free whats use of app .
the app will put by default new tasks into inbox but inbox is not what you see when opening todoist . instead you might see that there are no tasks for the next 7 days . there 's no logic in it , app 's assistant integrated with google assistant fails to find any tasks , even if asked specifically about those in inbox . todoist is cumbersome and annoying , it 's actually a general problem with task apps : they 're too much and fail to actually do what they are made for .
another simple app with a subscription plan ... this is not the right strategy to attract more people ... this kind of app should be a one time payment no more . whatever the number of apps with this strategy , it does n't make it a good one .
lazy tech support . just ca n't be bothered . took down my initial adverse review to give tech support a chance to sort things out . they just could n't be bothered . i 'm using nine email and having a problem sharing with todoist when i want to create a task using an email . sometimes it works , more often it does n't . however sharing with wunderlist works every time ! todoist tech support answer : sort it out yourself with nine ! update . after numerous emails to tech support they still have n't bothered .
todoist has lots of bugs after update . most annoying : 1 no longer able to select multiple tasks at a time , 2 when writing a task , keyboard blocks view of task box so you cant see what you 're typing , 3completeled subtasks used to remain but crosses out , not it disappears ( forcing users to relearn how to use the app ) , and 4 some tasks scheduled to appear under today does not . makes you question the integrity of the app . i see no benefits to recent changes . only bugs .
i 've spent lot of time creating great multilevel reccuring subtasks just to find out that i actually see them unorganized in most needful page - today ! and in projects they are organized , but all together , regardless deadline . this is sooooo inconvenient , that makes having subtasks functionality just useless . why ca n't you show subtasks under their parents everywhere ? reply : sorry , but it 's inconsistent logic , as currently you show subtasks , that are not due today under task , that is due today .
i used to like this . then the updated it to include something called in inbox which is just ruining it for me . i dont need that its making it confusing to keep track of things . i will be replacing this with another app .
like many others , the new big update has severely hindered my ability to use the app effectively . what used to be simple is now cumbersome with a 3x increase in the number of clicks to accomplish simple tasks . it was n't broken , why did you have to 'fix ' it . i 'm hoping they roll back some of these changes , if they do n't i will probably need to look elsewhere for a todo app .
do n't waste your money ! instead , to get a free trial you have to select business even if you are n't a business . then you can still experience the miserable support experience of 6 days of radio silence ( and it has now been 48 hours of radio silence on my urgent ticket ) . the app/system/api is fairly good , but i would expect better bug support if they claim to have a business or even premium plan .
todoist is the cornerstone of my organizational system . i am an undergraduate student and use this app to manage my reading assignments , exam schedule , administrative deadlines etc . sync with windows 10 desktop app is awesome . i am a free user and would gladly pay a one time price for full features here but a monthly subscription is a turn off . most recent update added check boxes which confused and altered the functionality of the widget ( which was wicked btw ! ) . please add ability to turn off .
and once again , here we have another app that gets worse with every update . over complicating things . if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . i get what they are trying to do , but it has made it less user friendly and more restrictive . i wish i could revert back to the previous version . currently considering going back to the previous app i used to use .
updates keep making the app worse for power users i can no longer type ` 3p ` to make something due at 3pm when renaming a task . in fact , i cant find a way to assign a time to a task after its been created at all . if i do it the long way ( assign time - > choose time on clock - > click ok ) the time never gets assigned i can no longer type ` p1 ` to give it first priority when renaming a task i used these features all the time and now it takes me significantly more time to perform these actions
do not buy the premium if you need alexa and/or outlook to integrate like they falsely claim this ap does or you need any support from todoist . outlook integration has never been a synced integration , it only forwards tasks one-way & only works with limited outlook paid platforms . they have alexa issue notice seen only when you try to set it up , no warning before buying believing you can integrate both . no support response yet . i want my money back . such waste of hours . i feel scammed
recent major update has strongly impeded on usability of app . i understand and appreciate the focus on subtasks and some other features , however i think the developers have severely misjudged the actual most common user stories . was always a big fan , paid subscriber for many years , but this update was a major letdown . unnecessary changes for something that was working almost perfectly .
1 ) why are you disabling enter key 's next line function ? when i click enter key , `` next line '' does not come . so i used other apps to type with new lines by using enter key . 2 ) now when i cut and paste the exact contents from another app , even then , it does not appear line by line . it appears as a paragraph .
seems a good app , but ca n't use the basic functions without paying for premium . eg ca n't have a reminder at a certain time of day without premium . surely the basic function of a reminder app is reminders on a certain day or time . premium is £36 so expensive , loads of free alternatives out there .....
there are glitches in the android app that are n't in the web app . ( i love the web app ) would give this 5 stars if todoist fixed them , and introduce a bug reporting feature so that bugs like these do n't remain unfixed . dragging subtasks is often glitchy and does n't parent under the correct parent task , or just reorders back to original placement after i drag it to a parent task . the @ and # symbol rarely actually pops up with label auto recognition as i type like it does on the web app .
ruined a perfectly good app . add task above/below features have been removed . when i create a new task it goes all the way to the bottom of the list . i have to then drag it all the way back up to the top of the list of 100+ tasks . app is now useless .
wow , the latest update killed my productivity . is the multi-select coming back ? why remove features ? this app is garbage now and it used to be so great edit : the ability to multi select is there , you just have to do extra steps and ignore the common , recommended android app design of long-pressing to select .
was 5 stars lowering to 2 so hopefully they see this - make the completed tasks section it 's own thing again why would i want it merged with my existing tasks ? makes it very hard to find accidentally closed tasks or to look thru historical data . dont think this change was necessary
after the update all my completed sub tasks were deleted . i set those up because i uncheck them every month when i need to use the same lists over and over . really annoying especially since i do n't think i 'll be using the new features at all .
like others have said . before it was the best todo list app , but now it 's painful to do even simple things . specifically the additional pop-up window on mobile app is just horrible .
alexa shopping list integration is rubbish , items are added correctly but if an item is removed by another user they never leave the list .
newest update nerfs the widget so you ca n't utilize as much functionality to it . the main app also features the annoying swipe to select feature now . the previous click to select was fine and this new change does n't add anything , only creates a new barrier of frustration .
useful features ask you to get premium version but when i try i get to this page , which is the app i already have installed . 1/5
did n't sync at all with current list
is there a way to rollback previous ui ? the new ui introduces more clicks for the same action - which decrease my productivity . if i need to modify the name and due date for the same task , i need to save twice instead of one time ( previous design )
if you use gmail , calendar go with google tasks free with much more functions and integrated with your calendar events , reminder , tasks without subscription . stick with the big guys ! waste of time with this app .
automatically completes task , for the day , as i open the program . i do not have any access to see what was completed or if i lost something important i have to do .
it 's not a user friendly app .. too much complicated usage . it 's of no use . do n't have an option of recurring task.its not mobile friendly app ... i prefer not use this app in my life .. waste of money and i dont know why this one cost is 300+ bucks ..
by default tasks are due today and it 's not easy to find the option to change this . i wanted to save time , not spend time learning another tool . uninstalling .
it 's very easy to accidentally complete tasks and the only way to undo an accidental completion is behind a pay wall . instant one star
if you created an account with gmail then try to sign in with google after , neither of your accounts will work . really ? ? ? ?
stupid app , even a reminder which is pretty much basic is under premium useless.do n't waste time in exploring this.just go to any other nice applications
do not install you have to pay for everything all you can do is write notes . waste of time and storage
i would use the app but it 's a paid app and i 'm not sure of its true value because i have n't used it . how is it better than keep or others that are ( for lack of a better description ) free .
it have reminders in premium version . how it can organize when we ca n't set reminders
ca n't even use labels for free - it 's a premium feature ! uninstalling on principle .
seriously ? reminder is a premium feature ? what 's the point of all this then ? 1 star . i can understand comments and labels but reminders ? at least other paid apps give reminders .
i am not able to sign in to my account . do n't know what is happening but i believe i lost all of my progress
every basic and simple feature is premium
another company where the programmers have no respect for their users ! : - ( an exceptional app that the latest update seriously screws up .
requires my email ? no thanks .
remainder app for free ? that ’ s what i thought this app was . please don ’ t waste our time it is very disrespectful . for you to get people you say it ’ s for free the app and it ’ s not for free . please don ’ t do that its not nice to delete apps because you say lies . lies are not good and if you play with my trust and the world trust you are not helping the world to be a better place you are helping to continue destroy i do n't want to open no more apps i don ’ t trust what they say
one of the main sticking points for me is how well an app does recurring tasks . in particular , not just fixed date recurrences , but the ability to set the next date off the last completion date . so many apps fail to offer this . alas , i could find no way to do a recurring task at all , in spite of them saying it can be done . so , much less checking on this nuance , i see no way of doing them at all . fail . moving on .
used to be simple well organized app . latest update was a major step backwards and makes it unusable and completely unreliable . do not trust them with your data .... most of my prior history of completed tasks disappeared . for some reason timed ones seemed to stick around ... completed tasks are now automatically hidden and lose any order you had them in . if you ever care to reference completed tasks in any structure this app is not for you . it 's a hot mess now for that . and their backups do not include completed tasks . they claim all your information is backed up securely but when i asked for my completed tasks they were not able to provide my attachments .
really unimpressed that i can not get notifications unless i subscribe to premium . i can set up memos on my google calendar & be reminded for free . why would i pay for that with an app ? without notifications i 'll have to remember to check what needs done , where i 'm at , etc . i also found it difficult to figure out how to navigate & use what little was included in the free version . gave up in frustration when i realized that to be actually useful i 'd have to pay extra .
i agree with a previous user that recent updates are making the app worse . i 've used this app for several years and loved that my to-do list syncs across devices , but recent changes ( specifically , deleting completed tasks instead of leaving them visible/able to be restored , despite modifying settings ) make this app basically useless for my purposes . i 'm disappointed that i need to find a new app after so long using this one .
way too overpriced . $ 60 per year , lol .
bad ui bad quick short cuts
reminders are a premium feature . enough said .
anything that calls itself a to do list that does n't include a reminder unless you upgrade is useless . uninstalled .
not only is the app bad , the second they have your email address they start spamming you . -- - response . hey doist i have a better idea , quit taking people 's email information and spamming them without their permission .
download it and then immediately uninstalled . have to pay premium prices to get any features at all . ca n't even set up reminders . do n't bother with this app .
microsoft to do does almost all of this for free . it is pointless to pay such a hefty sum of money for these so-called premium features ! ! !
i could n't work out how to use this app and decided to stick to my conventional hand written to do list and i uninstalled this app . however , i still keep getting 'reminders ' about things i never even put in myself ( they seemed to be there , maybe as examples ? , when i first installed the app ) . i find this really annoying . how can this even happen !
too greedy on the premium features . i 'm not going to pay monthly for the ability to add a description/comment to my task . without this , you have a one liner for the task . there are tons of alternatives that do the same things as this app . i tried this one , the premium features do n't interest me and the rest is n't worth a subscription .
limiting sections is ridiculous .... so if you want to add things for 30 days you need to have seperate projects .
i once rated this app and company a five star . however long , with their recent updates they have utterly failed to test the user experience . all the alerts.settings are changed so you get texts , notifications and emails when you had turn them off . the suggested time zone change so their app `` will.function correctly '' breaks the assigned due date times . i like to see companies trying to improve , but if they are this lazy with the user experience who lazy are they with customer data . lost of all trust here .
this app was great , but now in 14.1.0 i can no longer click on a project and see all of its sub-projects and their tasks at once . this is a stupidly frustrating change and it completely messes up how i use the app . why not make this a setting i can change back , or leave it alone altogether ? i will be manually rolling this app back . thanks for making more work for me guys . seriously stupid `` update '' .
horrible experince . glitchy and slow with no user friendly interface . waste of time to download check it out and uninstall after 10 minutes . on top of that the most important features are paid . but wait ... its a subscription to pay £4 monthly ! ! for a todo app which ca n't do something better than the hundreds free or those with one time payments . can not recommend to anyone .
i was facing a problem that my reminder never pop out at notification bar when it 's time . i have send a few message to support team regarding this problem . but no one reply , just a member who call david , he sent me a welcome message . then i replied him with my problem as well . he did not reply too . i have just paid for 1 year package , now i hope i can get my refund .
i previously gave 5 stars . new feature forces 1 star . `` when you view a project , you 'll no longer see all the tasks in its sub-projects . '' is terrible . please allow it as an option or revert ! i set up all my stores ( costco , walmart , etc . ) now there is no way to look at my entire shoping list ! i know i could drag sub tasks , but ... 1. it 's too easy to complete the parent task thus completing all child tasks . not good ... 2. moving tasks from one parent task to another is also very dif
viewing the sub-project tasks inside the main project was an integral feature of the app that i used daily . removing this without warning as if it were an 'improvement ' is unacceptable and makes the app borderline useless for me , and as such i will begin looking for another app that can better suit my needs . removing features and making pointless changes is no way to retain users .
nice app , great features , good design , however the pricepoint on the monthly fee is ridiculously high and is a must for core features that any to-do app must do , things like 'reminders ' and 'labels ' ... would try it out properly if the price was right ( like 1/12th of what it is now ? ) but for now it 's a pass .
requires account to use . i was just giving a simple reason why i did n't like it . but since your response indicates i do n't have 10 seconds , then i 'll waist 5 minutes to make you understand . the point is that it `` requires an account '' ! i do n't need another stinking account to keep track of a task list . if i wanted to share on multiple devices , i would just use any number of desktop applications that i already own . i do n't need another stinking program tracking my business in the sake of `` backing up my data ' or make it available everywhere . i have that covered already . just wanted a simple task list for a small price to use on my phone . but without that choice , no thanks . to act as though 10 seconds to give up my privacy is no big deal , well my information and data is not your business or any one else unless i decide i want to do that . that is what you need to understand , some customers like to have options to do something and not have something stuffed down their throat . downloaded `` tasks : todo list '' and been happy with it . donated $ 1.99 to developer for making app for me and not their self .
downloaded the app so i could have a widget with my list on my home screen . shortly thereafter , tney added checkboxes , which ca n't be turned off , making it easy to accidentally `` complete '' a task on the widget . and unlike when you have the app open , this ca n't be undone . it was good when i downloaded it , but is now completely useless .
who wants to pay $ 3 a month ? the free version just tries to upsell you the premium version while you 're trying to use it .
hey todoist ! why are you todoing this to me ! ? first you put these silly little checkmarks on my tasks that are 100 % in my way ( leftys are people too ) . i keep unintentionally deleting tasks and having to dig through my completed items to restore them . that 's annoying ! now this latest update , you 've taken away subgroups ? subgroups are part of the entire project . having an overall view of all subs within a group is convenient . having to flip from sub to sub is illogical . i just do n't get it !
bad experience . the support is the worst ever . and no thought has been put except for the visual ui . the ux is bad .
not all tasks reach completion , some need to be deleted and rightly so . but by design delete action is tucked away under three dots menu and then behind confirmation message . thus making deleting tasks in bulk deliberately harder , probably to keep fake karma number high and jack up usage statistics.the swipe action on the list should be customisable so delete action can be set when its swipe left . also since recent updates the upgrade to premium nudge is slapped everywhere .
reply to developer : whatsapp continues to run in background and show notifications even after being closed . why are you unable to do that ? .. original comment : i paid $ 4 for the reminders . however , reminders work only when the application is active . if you exit / shut-down the application , no reminders for you . developer should design the application in such a way that it continues to run in background even when user exits it . i would like to have my money back unless this problem is rectified .
the whole point of a to do list is to remind you to get things done with the help of a numeric badge count . since they ca n't be bothered to add this feature , the app , is useless to me . you just loss a potential lifetime user who would have even paid a subscription to have that one feature . other apps can offer badge counts through launchers such as evie . do n't give me the excuse that android is not developing this feature .
lacking calendar/monthly overview to be able to perceive tasks & projects also in a timely manner ! so that essential dimension is just missing .
i paid for the subscription and now it doesnt show up under manage subscriptions for me to be able to end my subscription ! ! : enraged_face :
can not get it to stop asking me to verify the time zone . pressed yes , kept asking . pressed do n't ask again , kept asking . pressed no , kept asking . finally deleted . i 'll use the the one that comes with outlook . it 's not as versatile but it does n't ask me to verify my time zone every time i look at it . especially when i ask it not to ask me again .
i went through all the stuff to link this to my google assistant , but it does n't work right . i can get it to add a task , supposedly , but when i tell it to read my tasks it says i have no tasks for today and does n't give me any way to list the complete set of tasks , the ones i just added . this is worthless .
i could n't figure out a way to sync with my google tasks , and then now the app wo n't uninstall from my watch .
no trial to try premium features . what 's the point trying app without able to set reminders ?
subscription service to enable simple reminders is ridiculous . i was willing to pay a one time fee for a solid app , but having to pay nearly $ 5 per month just to enable reminders is absurd . once i saw how many basic features were being kept behind a pay wall , i had to stop using it
`` reminders are a premium feature ''
two word - paid mess . please dont waste data and get tricked by editors choice , just go for a better app .
do n't lock reminders behind a pay wall , or if you do , make it a 1 time purchase .
update 04.2020 - this is getting worse and worse still , with every update . now they made it harder to edit your task - they moved it behind two clicks . why ? ? seems like this app is moving away from the todo-app for power users to just another todo app , same as any other . this is the last time i paid for the premium subscription . time to move . -- -- - it used to be the best for power users , but after the latest `` updates '' , the app keeps getting worse and worse . i am not really sure who this updates are for , definitely does n't seem like it 's for its core user group .
please make it possible to quickly switch from the widget to the app . one star to attract attention . will make it 5 as soon as widgettoappbutton appears .
rescheduling tasks is simply randomly not working . rescheduling something for today can make task dissapear , earlier i have experienced that it duplicated tasks . this way a basic functionality is broken and i just lost what should i follow-up today ... no activity log available , as that is a paid feature . i guess i will never try that now .
newest update to the widget made it suck . there is not a reschedule button anymore which i used to use to move all my overdue tasks to a new day . also no button on the widget to open up the main app anymore .
dislike the latest widget downgrade - the loss of the ability to select multiple tasks is frustrating . not sure how long i will stick with this app now as the widget is far less user friendly than previous version .
anything that calls itself a to do list that does n't include a reminder unless you upgrade is useless . uninstalled .
i want to schedule a task daily ! should i add it every day ? ! what 's the way ? ?
new android widget is garbage . `` full control '' yea ok you took away useful features and gave us more theme options . can no longer open app from widget and most importantly you can no longer select multiple tasks from the widget which was super useful for rescheduling .
good
mostly features are for premium account and you can not delete account once you create . disappointed with to this app
i will use other app . i will not pay
not easy to use . horrible design .
needs registration . ca n't use existing caldav task accounts
in basic app why ca n't even add comment its not even basic when it comes to free .
$ 36 per year for push notification reminders ? no thanks .
requires my email ? no thanks .
first , the app changed my task name . then , the task just disappeared and was not in the app . bad app .
the google calendar integration is riddled with bugs and it has been this way for months . they do n't fix it and they are pretty slow on their communication . ticktick is becoming very tempting .
pay to remind ? ? ? really ? ? ?
total waste of money .
i deleted , still sending emails inscribed still cant get rid of it . playstore help
wow ... a to do list app without the option to make your tasks recurring . i wo n't lie , i am absolutely baffled that this is omitted . maybe it 's in the web version , or the ios version , but i 'll never know ... you tick a date in the calendar and ... where is the tick box for 'repeat every xxx ' ? maybe it 's a premium feature , i guess i 'll never know that either ...
this is a loser . upgraded to premium without my permission for a free trial , no option in the app to return to free option . and i 'm maxed out on tasks on the premium . will delete before i pay for premium . prior review : migrated from wunderlist seamlessly . much more cumbersome compared to wunderlist .
requires signing up , which i only assume is to spy on me for profit .
me cobraron y siempre me pide suscripción , ma de correo y nunca contestaron .
bad experience . the support is the worst ever . and no thought has been put except for the visual ui . the ux is bad .
todoist has 1 big flaw that really prevents me to use it well : if you schedule a task to be repeated daily and do it few minutes after midnight it will skip a day . overdue tasks that are completed should add the repeat time to the previous date not be reset to the day they are marked compete ! !
reminders are a premium feature ? are you kidding me ? this is an absolute deal breaker . i deleted after trying for 2 minutes .
the widget , which is the whole reason i downloaded this app , does n't seem to be updating anymore , even when i click the refresh button . additionally , there does n't seem to be a way to mark a task as not completed once you 've already marked it as completed .
looking at the features and lots of accolades i tried uninstalled after just a trial . reason : in the free version notification feature is missing . if the task misses the set time , there is no notification . we will come to know only if we open the app . insanely ridiculous . not sure what have the product team thought while excluding such a basic feature .
half of stuff is paid .. reminder is something basic with notes . if this is not free whats use of app .
who wants to pay $ 3 a month ? the free version just tries to upsell you the premium version while you 're trying to use it .
a nice little app . liked most aspects of it ... but had to uninstall because of just one feature - reminder . i dont know why would someone decide to ship this very basic feature as a premium one ! if an app like this reminds me after two days in an email that i have overdue tasks than there is absolutely no purpose of using such an app .
limiting sections is ridiculous .... so if you want to add things for 30 days you need to have seperate projects .
: camping : :face_savoring_food : :man_cook : :grimacing_face : :grimacing_face : :grimacing_face : :grimacing_face : :grimacing_face : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :snow-capped_mountain : :snow-capped_mountain : :snow-capped_mountain : :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing : :snow-capped_mountain : :snow-capped_mountain : :woman_cook : :man_cook : :nerd_face : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :man_cook : w : snow-capped_mountain : :camping : :women_wrestling : :face_savoring_food : :man_cook : :face_savoring_food : :upside-down_face : :grimacing_face : :man_cook : :camping : :grimacing_face : :face_savoring_food : :face_savoring_food : :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : :slightly_smiling_face : :snow-capped_mountain : :camping :
no reminders in free version . how do you expect to compete with other todo apps if your free version is useless ? subscription models suck .
in order to use reminders you have to pay . that 's complete b.s .
remainder app for free ? that ’ s what i thought this app was . please don ’ t waste our time it is very disrespectful . for you to get people you say it ’ s for free the app and it ’ s not for free . please don ’ t do that its not nice to delete apps because you say lies . lies are not good and if you play with my trust and the world trust you are not helping the world to be a better place you are helping to continue destroy i do n't want to open no more apps i don ’ t trust what they say
no reminder for free version
too much confusion , not able to understand
ca n't use it without providing your email address . immediate uninstall .
after the last update i ca n't connect to the app anymore with my vpn turned on which is extremely annoying ! ! !
not allowing me to delete my account
did n't sync at all with current list
notification is a pro feature ? ? ? are you kidding me ? why dont you just make this app a paid app from the start ? ?
it 's a to do list , why do i have to buy the premium to get `` reminder `` ?
todoist is garbage . nevermind the idiotic text-based method for creating daily tasks , this stupid app seems to think `` every day '' is a suggestion , even with premium . been using this app for three weeks & every few days , it refuses to renew my daily tasks . scheduled reminders disappear . curse & blast whoever eol 'd wunderlist cuz it was perfect for my needs . this todoist trash ? not at all . i will cling to wunderlist until the very end .
bought the paid version and added various tasks on desktop . wo n't even log me in or load anything . downloaded the app to access my tasks and shows nothing . i even paid for premium . very dissatisfied and disputing through my bank . this is worst than free apps like keepnote . seriously disappointed
lazy tech support . just ca n't be bothered . took down my initial adverse review to give tech support a chance to sort things out . they just could n't be bothered . i 'm using nine email and having a problem sharing with todoist when i want to create a task using an email . sometimes it works , more often it does n't . however sharing with wunderlist works every time ! todoist tech support answer : sort it out yourself with nine ! update . after numerous emails to tech support they still have n't bothered .
do not install you have to pay for everything all you can do is write notes . waste of time and storage
i used to like this . then the updated it to include something called in inbox which is just ruining it for me . i dont need that its making it confusing to keep track of things . i will be replacing this with another app .
reminders are a premium feature . enough said .
useful features ask you to get premium version but when i try i get to this page , which is the app i already have installed . 1/5
seriously ? reminder is a premium feature ? what 's the point of all this then ? 1 star . i can understand comments and labels but reminders ? at least other paid apps give reminders .
alexa shopping list integration is rubbish , items are added correctly but if an item is removed by another user they never leave the list .
way too overpriced . $ 60 per year , lol .
the app will put by default new tasks into inbox but inbox is not what you see when opening todoist . instead you might see that there are no tasks for the next 7 days . there 's no logic in it , app 's assistant integrated with google assistant fails to find any tasks , even if asked specifically about those in inbox . todoist is cumbersome and annoying , it 's actually a general problem with task apps : they 're too much and fail to actually do what they are made for .
another simple app with a subscription plan ... this is not the right strategy to attract more people ... this kind of app should be a one time payment no more . whatever the number of apps with this strategy , it does n't make it a good one .
microsoft to do does almost all of this for free . it is pointless to pay such a hefty sum of money for these so-called premium features ! ! !
all features are available only on premium .
stupid app , even a reminder which is pretty much basic is under premium useless.do n't waste time in exploring this.just go to any other nice applications
download it and then immediately uninstalled . have to pay premium prices to get any features at all . ca n't even set up reminders . do n't bother with this app .
needs a pure black theme for the app and widget
not only is the app bad , the second they have your email address they start spamming you . -- - response . hey doist i have a better idea , quit taking people 's email information and spamming them without their permission .
ca n't even use labels for free - it 's a premium feature ! uninstalling on principle .
lacks task duplication
reminders are premium . it defeats the main purpose of the app .
ruined a perfectly good app . add task above/below features have been removed . when i create a new task it goes all the way to the bottom of the list . i have to then drag it all the way back up to the top of the list of 100+ tasks . app is now useless .
there are glitches in the android app that are n't in the web app . ( i love the web app ) would give this 5 stars if todoist fixed them , and introduce a bug reporting feature so that bugs like these do n't remain unfixed . dragging subtasks is often glitchy and does n't parent under the correct parent task , or just reorders back to original placement after i drag it to a parent task . the @ and # symbol rarely actually pops up with label auto recognition as i type like it does on the web app .
not having push notifications ( reminders for tasks ) in the free version makes the app entirely worthless , and premium is far too expensive .
how does this app have such a high rating . you have to pay to get reminders . what a joke . going back to `` any.do ''
why i need sign in for just to do list does n't make sense .
i would use the app but it 's a paid app and i 'm not sure of its true value because i have n't used it . how is it better than keep or others that are ( for lack of a better description ) free .
1 ) why are you disabling enter key 's next line function ? when i click enter key , `` next line '' does not come . so i used other apps to type with new lines by using enter key . 2 ) now when i cut and paste the exact contents from another app , even then , it does not appear line by line . it appears as a paragraph .
notifications are still premium feature ? okay
widget is not working . will show up but then it freezes and you ca n't do much with it only remove it .
seems a good app , but ca n't use the basic functions without paying for premium . eg ca n't have a reminder at a certain time of day without premium . surely the basic function of a reminder app is reminders on a certain day or time . premium is £36 so expensive , loads of free alternatives out there .....
newest update nerfs the widget so you ca n't utilize as much functionality to it . the main app also features the annoying swipe to select feature now . the previous click to select was fine and this new change does n't add anything , only creates a new barrier of frustration .
one of the main sticking points for me is how well an app does recurring tasks . in particular , not just fixed date recurrences , but the ability to set the next date off the last completion date . so many apps fail to offer this . alas , i could find no way to do a recurring task at all , in spite of them saying it can be done . so , much less checking on this nuance , i see no way of doing them at all . fail . moving on .
complicated and tasks vanishing i dislike this
dont loggin with google .. its pain to delete the acconunt .. look at ticktick instead .
way too expensive
did not like the way of interfaced that all .
stupid app . after you created list of tasks , it will be removed then they will ask to restore if you buy the premium license . fraud !
not bad
quite ordinary experience .
it 's not a user friendly app .. too much complicated usage . it 's of no use . do n't have an option of recurring task.its not mobile friendly app ... i prefer not use this app in my life .. waste of money and i dont know why this one cost is 300+ bucks ..
recent major update has strongly impeded on usability of app . i understand and appreciate the focus on subtasks and some other features , however i think the developers have severely misjudged the actual most common user stories . was always a big fan , paid subscriber for many years , but this update was a major letdown . unnecessary changes for something that was working almost perfectly .
i need an app with free reminders . i forget a lot of things so this is not fair ... i 'm uninstalling .
demands premium account for serving the most basic features
bad ui bad quick short cuts
automatically completes task , for the day , as i open the program . i do not have any access to see what was completed or if i lost something important i have to do .
it 's very easy to accidentally complete tasks and the only way to undo an accidental completion is behind a pay wall . instant one star
not compatible with older samsung tablet . what a crock , it 's a to do app . explain why wunderlist can run but not this app ...
used to be a great app though the most recent update has made the widget unusable . too small to see and there is no way to change the size , you also can no longer select multiple tasks , or pop out the widget to see multiple days . i requested to go back to the previous version , but did n't get much response so now i 'm looking for a replacement .
-- - edit : there is some annoying bugs when assigning a date : `` tomorrow '' is sometimes sent to next week and `` next week '' the week after . i double checked my datetime settings . -- - good tool but removing a star because of the subscription model . i would be happy to pay , but a monthly fee is difficult to justify by the extra features being offered . at least not for my usage .
new update to the widget makes it so i can no longer get into the full app by tapping on the widget , i actually have to go into my list of apps or create a whole other shortcut . you tout a fully operational widget but i ca n't rearrange my list entries via the widget , only the full app menu ( and it was already a pain to rearrange my tasks in the first place , i really really wish there was an option to add new tasks to the top of the list rather than the bottom . ) i will be trying out new to-do list apps now .
it was already very irritating to see your latest added tasks being pushed at the bottom and you have to everytime open the app to rearrange . and with new update you ca n't even open the app from the widget , you have to create a seperate icon which is super super annoying . probably gon na uninstall the app if this is not fixed soon .
the new widget redesign omits one important feature . before the widget has todoist icon and i could use it to launch the app from the widget right away . it is no more there . so i have to go to the app drawer to lunch the app , every time i need it . makes widget less useful . not happy .
new update has lost the ability to click on the widget and open the list full screen . the font is smaller , and ticking off an item on the widget has became more difficult . please fix , five stars otherwise .
trying to set a reoccurring daily task is so convoluted that it requires reading a lengthy help article : enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : ? i 've switched to google tasks which is way more intuitive .
the new widget does not allow me to open the app directly , like it could before . updates should never remove features . knocking my review down - rest of the app is still great .
ca n't use with vpn . i practice information security and prefer to use a vpn whenever i can . i use 2 norton & nordvpn ( not of course at the same time ) . in both usage cases , when my vpn is activated it would say there is no connection . i have even tried different servers . is there a reason that vpns are a problem for your service ? how is your data management & security ? does your company view people 's data ? how do you keep others from being to steal others data , because username & passcodes ...
ca n't drag n reorder lists on widget which is a big issue for me . google assistant integration , poor at best , very awkward , it 's easily confused , doesnt move tasks , and generally does n't work for me
so you tell me to pay every month for same functionality in premium ? no still doing normal in everything else
the interface is very nice and simple , however , once i got down to using it and setting some tasks ( five tasks total ) , about an hour later i went back to the app to make edits , but instead saw the list of tasks that i have set were deleted . if the app has an issue saving the tasks , it needs to be fixed . i will change the rating once that bug is resolved .
subscription required just to set a reminder .
i have used this app for a few years and loved but what have they done with the app ? ! the major update in december has made adding/moving tasks harder thus makes me less productive edit to answer : ca n't always change projects with a simple # , the gui is cluttered with too much going on , when i tap on a task i used to tap out but when i do it comes out of edit mode , goes to the top and i have to back out again to get to list view
functions fine in general , easy drag to subtasks . ca n't adjust the notifications to not go through `` do not disturb '' mode ( bad if you work off shifts ) , ca n't set timing of notifications . in a productivity app , scheduling is important . reminders require premium , seriously ? i 'll just install one of the tons of free apps that include it for free rather than pay $ 3 month . overall : average functioning app that requires paid premium for some basic functions .
every update have been a step backwards . all the small changes only made everything less convenient and looks like will only continue to do so . the last straw for me is now you ca n't add things quickly ( to default `` inbox '' project ) anymore , now you have to spend several more clicks to designate a project , even though i just want to add quickly to the default inbox . making the quick add widget useless now . also premium pricing has always been terrible and greedy ( monthly cost instead of one time ) .
i was keeping track of christmas gifts by checking then off once they were purchased and looking back by selecting , `` show completed tasks '' . until today when i went to check and they are all deleted . kind of a bummer . it was convenient that the purchased gifts were hidden and nobody could snoop on my phone unless they knew to select that option . but now i have to go through my hidden gift stash . which if you are a parent ... you know how immpossible that can be with kids around all the time .
it seems like a good app with good features but it 's not intuitive at all . i spent fifteen minutes trying to find a way to skip a repeating task this week and i could mark it done . i try deleting to see if it would delete just that occurrences but it deleted the whole thing . the icons are also not intuitive at all .
revised review : sometimes we seek out apps to help with deficiencies or make life work out . app was so great and so functional for months , until a few days ago . i was working around the changed , now cumbersome , reschedule/edit/rename tasks process . but labels beyond a few characters are hidden now . todoist labels was the thing for this app for me , with efficiently visually seeing/grouping tasks . had made app ahead of many others . app needs more display settings then ... to be usable again .
the premium version might be good but the free version is more restricted then other to-do apps , you can not even use the labels/ tags function without paying . if you are looking for a free todo list this is probably not the app for you .
the new update is awful . i have to do so many extra clicks to perform basic operations like moving tasks to different days . multi-select does n't work any more and the widget is totally broken . rescheduling anything from the widget locks it up completely .
the latest update is poorly designed for users with lots of tasks , completely changes the old interface , with attending bugs , out of the blue . biggest fan to dead in the water overnight . shocker .
reminders are kind of a core feature in a to-do list app . why should i have to pay for it ? the app is fine , but i ca n't use the reminders .
not a fan of the new foundations update . you promised so many new features and did n't deliver any of them . the update to subtasks did n't fix some of the core issues with them .
the changes made to how completed task are handled are not only bad ux but they introduced many quite critical bugs ! please fix .
the widget has been broken for the last couple of weeks since an update . please fix it .
the main feature does not work - it does n't remind me about todo with system notification
yeah keep everything for premium and then say its free
can not use because of the 299 entry limit . my most important list was split into 7 lists . the first list segment is full , so i can not add a new entry to the top of it . i copied my lists from wunderlist , and several lists got split like that . if it had copied starting at the bottom of the list so the first segment was the one not full , i might have been able to make it work .
'it 's free , forever ' but 'reminders are a premium feature . ' hmm . i 'm dyspraxic , without much money to waste , and i 'm looking for a to-do list app to help with this . without reminders , this app is functionally useless to me . disappointed that you 've opted to content-carve to this extent , and i 'd argue your claim of being free is misleading . please reconsider which features to gatekeep , because locking basic functions behind a paywall makes me * less * likely to support you financially .
while everything else about this app is good , the process of scheduling a task is frustrating . half of the time , it fails to recognize what i 'm trying to set . you should just bring back the old scheduling layout from a few years ago . that was easy .
i used todoist premium for about 6 years but i must say that it has gone down over the years . there are so many features missing compared to other similar apps which are either free or charge much less for their premium version . the new `` major update '' feels like a complete let down with absolutely no new features other than now being able to see subtasks in the parent task dialog box . still no kanban view , no native calendar view , limited to no sorting options , just to name a few . i 'm sorry , but dabbing a bit of color on icons or adding a color name next to a color do not qualify as new features . i left todoist for ticktick a couple of months ago and have not looked back .
since last major update , rescheduling a task takes you to the day where it is scheduled , preventing you from quickly rescheduling all tasks on a given day . productivity killer .
guys you created a great app that i 'd been using for years , but the latest update is weird . modal views when selecting a single task ( why do i need it instead of previous submenu for rescheduling ? ? ) , no ability to choose multiple tasks ( only by top menu - select tasks ) , strange icons .. that all makes me really sad . rolled out to the previous friendly todoist : (
it seems like the developer is paying attention to customers , which is a good thing . hopefully they 'll respond to the overwhelmingly critical reviews of the most recent update . the checkboxes simply make it too easy to accidentally mark a task as complete . this is a bad , bad deal . i use todoist to help me more efficiently run my businesses . if i errantly check off a task , it could cost me a lot of money , and possibly lose me a client . hopefully you 'll fix this right away .
i used to like this app . been using it for a few years with tolerably okay results . but it 's been having too many problems with sync , and with failing to load `` karma '' data . not only that , but if you miss checking a box but do n't see that omission until the next day , there 's nothing you can do about it . maybe the fatal flaw of this app is that it has too many features for its own good . i 'd like to get rid of sync entirely and just use the app on my android , but apparently that ca n't be done , and if i delete my online account i delete everything . i think i just want to dump this flawed app and see if i can find a good app that does everything offline in one device with no registration required .
i like the app . it works , it 's functional , and it 's great . however , one thing still strikes me down . why the hell are reminders a paid feature ? seriously , what 's a to-do app without reminders ? i could use even my calendar , or almost any other app , and that would too have reminders , for free . so why should i pay for such a basic feature on a fully fledged app ?
i tried out this app but decided not to go with it because it was n't as intuitive as i like and might be missing some features . imagine my annoyance to receive a reminder email this morning when i specifically turned off all notification settings . this app is probably great for people who like to be nagged . i do n't . i like to be organized .
it was so good and then the pc version became extremely annoying overnight . i 'll add tasks in a project , the app will sync and move the task to an entirely unrelated project on its own . and sure , i can reassign it , but i did n't have to before and that 's just an annoying waste of time . i do n't mind waiting for it to get fixed , but i might just start looking for a new app , which sucks because i really liked this one .
i would rate this app 5 stars except i hate the way it scrambles all your tasks every time you change time zones . it 's absolutely maddening if you have a lot of tasks because you 'll be forced to re-priotitize every time . going coast to coast with a layover and you 'll be doing it three times . ugh . [ update ] constantly crashing on my galaxy note 9 now . like 20+ times a day .
kept getting `` an unknown error has occurred , please try again later '' .... tried on several devices on my t3 connection , had no problem with other apps immediately after leaving this one . uninstalled . sad cuz it looked great . in re : dev 's reply , yes i did that . i made sure it was plugged in and turned on too . i did take a look at the .apk and i 've found an alternative for me for right now . thanks .
there are better options available . i just did n't like the layout and functionality of the app . i tried it for a couple of months but now it 's deleted and i am going to try another .
lots of emails notifications that you can not stop ! most of the features you need - including seeing a completed task - are all in the pro version ( needs payment ! ) edit after `` doist '' reply : i mean the email notifications for the due jobs on the lists . they keep filling my email every day and i could not stop them !
seems like a good tool , but almost nothing that i actually need to do with it is possible without a subscription . i 'd happily puchase the app , or do a free trial period , but honestly , it annoys me when companies offer a free download only to put everything useful behind a paywall , especially when they try to give a discount for a year 's sub before you even really get to try the features . nope .
fundamental problem in their development cycle ... force users to update , but the value to the consumer does n't have a feedback mechanism prior to forcing the update . is there not a beta program with participating users ? todoist , that 's what you need to fix . for everyone else , my widgets have lost their usefulness and are now just place holders until i can remove the complete buttons , shrink text , have fully customizable widgets , or settle on another app . but really , focus on the root problem .
the splash screen says the account is free forever . but to have reminder of events / tasks a fairly fundemental aspect to a task reminder app its £3 per month . that 's quite misleading . # response to the developer . thank you for responding . the main point is that a reminder function is a key aspect of a to do list rather than a premium feature .... best wishes with the app .
would be better if the inbox was not treated as a project , but rather a scheduling location , and that items could be created in the inbox and easily ( bulk ) moved to other projects ( but stay in the inbox ) to then be scheduled to daily or next week or whatever tracking would be easier . and the app would get a higher rating and i may actually subscribe .. its a deal breaker for me .
some pretty basic standard features in other apps are missing . the options menu is very limited with no option to default a tasks due date , project , category etc . these have to be entered every single time a task is created which makes adding quick tasks on the fly very annoyingly slower than other apps . there is no sorting options or filters on views ( ability to create custom views does not exempt this feature from being useful ) . too many clicks to edit tasks , eg notes/comments , rescheduling .
new lay out is awful and takes extra steps to do everything that was once easy . app no longer syncs to my computer app , which has syncing problems of own . since the last update it 's slow on either set up and honestly no longer as good which is upsetting as i paid for the full year right before the update that screwed it all up . i really hope you guys are working to fix the lag , the lay out and the syncing problem . this last update was a terrible idea
i tried the free version . i liked the way , that you are writing the day to remind you and it set itself , but the free version does n't support calendar and for me this is a big minus . i prefer to use google task app , that signs up with calendar and reminds you for the task .
beautiful interface and design . unfortunately most features are locked behind a subscription , including some important features such as viewing completed daily tasks . as is , other top rated to do apps offer more features for absolutely no cost . would consider paying a one time fee for it but the subscription is a deal breaker .
great app . alas , i 'm constantly reminded that `` hey btw there 's a paid version which has the functionality you 're looking for : ) `` . this is tiresome and the subscription based model just does n't make any sense . plus hey ! its expensive .
great app that suffers from the most annoying design flaw . every time i create a task , it goes to the bottom of the list . i always want the task at the top so i can see it . that 's the whole point of using a to do list . so i have to drag the task , one by one to the top . makes me crazy .
i 'd like it except the widget is the most important feature for me . it displayed my inbox for about a week and now comes up blank . the tasks are there tho . i can read them if i open them , or open the app . : - ( you 're not the only organizer with this problem tho . android 9 .
mostly good but simply things like creating subtasks are incredibly fiddly , why can you do it from only projects ? why can you only do it by long pressing and dragging slightly to the right ( to much marks is completed ) allow a simple option on the menu . deleting tasks is several options in etc . doing almost anything other than straight adding tasks is cumbersome as hell and just frustrating . needs some real ux love .
i am not receiving my notifications on any of my tasks/projects i have scheduled , so i end up missing out on things i want to take care of . i have it turned on in settings . why is that ? ... i utilize the smart schedule tool , but still no notification . pls help or fix .
fantastic app a critical flaw ... one touch completion , now when you brush the screen your tasks get set to complete and you ca n't find them easily .. ( updated july 25 ) the developer asked me to respond to comment ... thanks for responding . do n't fuss on my part .
i have read quite a bit about updates being frustrating . before applying the update , i had hoped to find documentation about changes . found nothing on the todoist website , no comments in reviews . update is attempting to be pushed , where 's the documentation ? ? ? ?
really liked this app until they started charging for basic functions on a monthly basis ... would have been happy with one time charge but not worth $ 36 a year when there is better for less ...
it 's clear to me that this is the best todo app , and i 've used it for a long time , but having reminders be a premium feature is just unreasonable as it 's impossible to use a todo app without them . i 'll be switching to ticktick .
lost half its use once they got rid of seeing children categories in the widget . i use todoist for homework assignments and i used the parent functions for assignments to categorize what class the assignment is for . without being able to see all my parent/sub folders from the widget it kills most of the use of the app . i went back to an old apk but then i started getting prompts that the app would stop working if i did n't update . i still use it as a grocery list with ifttt until keep is fixed .
maybe it works for some people , but this was absolutely the worst 'to do list ' app i have tried ! every time i opened it , therr was a 'feature ' blocking my use . the ultimate problem was finding no task delete function .
please i need help . when i try to log in with google in the app , it said `` unknown error occurred . please check again in a few seconds '' . i 've uninstalled and re-installed the app , but no such luck : crying_face :
i really dislike the projects thing . just let me make new lists . i want a list for movies to watch another for gift ideas etc . the best way to do that through this app is subitems which are a pain to deal with . moving over to wunderlist
dont like the layout , not very user friendly and you ca n't see your completed tasks unless you pay a monthly fee that is overpriced . do n't recommend . there are much better apps that cost much less or are free .
i was shocked to discover that notifications is a paid feature . i uninstalled . would have been great otherwise .
this is only to add your todo list and thats all tou can do with the free if you want to put date and time to let you know you have to do somthing . you pay not good at all with free versions drom other apps do the same this pay app
where my reply ended up i cant see but i am a user for 2.5 years and this app never worked properly for me . i use for the script task adding feature and pay for supporting its development but they are not much interested i guess . businessline.halit .... try searching your emails . i wrote more details in original post .
removing features from the free version is not a good way to attract people to premium version , and the price is way to high . looking elsewhere : - (
the only reason i had premium was because i could get sms notifications while still be offline and not worry about unreliable push notifications . beats the purpose of having an additional app now than the default calendar .
i tested a few task apps , and this one looked promising at first . but very quickly i hit the paywall , even for basic and essential features such as reminders and labels . i 'm going to use trello instead .
there is a bug in this app . no matter what i selected the `` change time zone to ... '' pop up kept coming up . if this could be fixed i would definitely be interested in using it .
as someone who is n't interested in task sharing or syncing , i find it insulting todoist locks some otherwise basic features like reminder notifications behind a subscription instead of a one-time unlock . that 's just greedy .
was a good app but the 'improvements ' made have made it fairly useless . especially the widget . i do n't pay premium prices to have an app get worse . please restore
seems pretty good but most of the options that make if stand out are not available unless you pay for it . splendo is cleaner and easier to use .
app deleted my tasks out of no where , as well as the app seems to be bloated with features . needs to be more sleek and refined . i dont believe the audience for a to do list app is looking for anything with a lot of features .
it works . but way too expense and compkicated than most user will need . this free version has too many pieces missing and is just frustrating .
hi , i am using vivo v5 plus handset . i had downloaded `` todoist '' for quick reminder but your application does not remind me on time set for work , if screen is idle and notify only when i turn on screen . kindly help me in this regard .
almost every feature requires a premium account for 36€ per year ... it 's not even possible to test these features without subscribing to an annual plan
would even pay & advertise but i am not able to see in one view when future stuff is taking place ...
i could n't find an easy way to make a project recurring without using templates or add attachments and notes to individual tasks .
its good for making lists , but if you want reminders or other features you need to upgrade to premium , its just not for me
very simple design that makes adding a task complex ! also most useful features are premium .
widget constantly breaking . not updating and showing a loading icon at bottom . defeats the entire point of having a widget easily viewable .
adding a picture to a task is a paid feature ... so free version is not great .
why would i pay for this app for reminders ? it 's just a goddamn simple feature !
just uninstalled it it looks a great app , but one its fundamental features ( reminder ) was available only in premium mode .
difficult onboarding , no integration with google calendars , documentation is not very clear .
does n't let you say you did something yesterday , which is for me a big deal , as i browsed the options looking for a way to do that almost everything was only a premium option
latest update has changed how to set a date and time , and it 's not great . prefer the old version .
the free version has a minimal functionality . there more advanced free apps on the playstore .
have to pay for labels . there 's no separate sections for different categories on widget
push notifications are a premium feature , so if you need this feature this app is not really free
i hate when the things are no clear , basic features as reminders are in the premium membership
puts basic functionality such as setting notfications behind a paywall you have to pay monthly or yearly .
i am a premium user and found it very complicated and got many bugs
no easy way to import or export tasks in a non-proprietary , other app ( e.g . google tasks ) compatible format .
why doesnt the widget remember to sort by date ? i have to keep going into the app to select sort by date .. can this be fixed ? ? ?
can not enter how long a task will take , which severely limits its use for scheduling
looks good until you have to pay 3£/month to add labels
its almost there , but a bit buggy . i used chrome os and chromebook . the app does not handle recurring reminders properly . when i mark the reminder as done it should automatically reschedule for the next occurance . when i mark as 'done ' the task goes away forever . i contacted support and shared a video of the behavior . they acknowledge a bug , but that 's been weeks ago . i have no faith yet the recurring reminders are reliable . proceed here with caution if you rely on strong reminders such as i do , as you could be left hanging and missing an important task .
used to be a great app though the most recent update has made the widget unusable . too small to see and there is no way to change the size , you also can no longer select multiple tasks , or pop out the widget to see multiple days . i requested to go back to the previous version , but did n't get much response so now i 'm looking for a replacement .
new update has lost the ability to click on the widget and open the list full screen . the font is smaller , and ticking off an item on the widget has became more difficult . please fix , five stars otherwise .
so you tell me to pay every month for same functionality in premium ? no still doing normal in everything else
it was already very irritating to see your latest added tasks being pushed at the bottom and you have to everytime open the app to rearrange . and with new update you ca n't even open the app from the widget , you have to create a seperate icon which is super super annoying . probably gon na uninstall the app if this is not fixed soon .
trying to set a reoccurring daily task is so convoluted that it requires reading a lengthy help article : enraged_face : :enraged_face : :enraged_face : ? i 've switched to google tasks which is way more intuitive .
the new update destroyed the widget . terrible .
-- - edit : there is some annoying bugs when assigning a date : `` tomorrow '' is sometimes sent to next week and `` next week '' the week after . i double checked my datetime settings . -- - good tool but removing a star because of the subscription model . i would be happy to pay , but a monthly fee is difficult to justify by the extra features being offered . at least not for my usage .
new update to the widget makes it so i can no longer get into the full app by tapping on the widget , i actually have to go into my list of apps or create a whole other shortcut . you tout a fully operational widget but i ca n't rearrange my list entries via the widget , only the full app menu ( and it was already a pain to rearrange my tasks in the first place , i really really wish there was an option to add new tasks to the top of the list rather than the bottom . ) i will be trying out new to-do list apps now .
they fixed the crashing issue . awesome . my impression of the app was 5 stars after that . what brings me back though is the latest gui change to the widget . 2 stars now . they took away the ability to easily select multiple tasks . i am considering switching task managers now . i do not see a way to restore the old functionality . also i used to be able to launch todoist from the widget . that button is gone now too . i am a long time user . i 've reached the `` '' enlightened '' '' rating on the app . boo ...
why did you remove the ability to enter the main app from the widget ? the widget also has some serious performance issues and freezes often . other than that it 's a great app , does its job and the web interface is really useful when you 're on desktop .
the new widget does not allow me to open the app directly , like it could before . updates should never remove features . knocking my review down - rest of the app is still great .
the new widget redesign omits one important feature . before the widget has todoist icon and i could use it to launch the app from the widget right away . it is no more there . so i have to go to the app drawer to lunch the app , every time i need it . makes widget less useful . not happy .
too complex
why would i pay for this app for reminders ? it 's just a goddamn simple feature !
ca n't drag n reorder lists on widget which is a big issue for me . google assistant integration , poor at best , very awkward , it 's easily confused , doesnt move tasks , and generally does n't work for me
бесплатная версия не очень , лучше уже использовать microsoft to do .
subscription required just to set a reminder .
while everything else about this app is good , the process of scheduling a task is frustrating . half of the time , it fails to recognize what i 'm trying to set . you should just bring back the old scheduling layout from a few years ago . that was easy .
can not use because of the 299 entry limit . my most important list was split into 7 lists . the first list segment is full , so i can not add a new entry to the top of it . i copied my lists from wunderlist , and several lists got split like that . if it had copied starting at the bottom of the list so the first segment was the one not full , i might have been able to make it work .
'it 's free , forever ' but 'reminders are a premium feature . ' hmm . i 'm dyspraxic , without much money to waste , and i 'm looking for a to-do list app to help with this . without reminders , this app is functionally useless to me . disappointed that you 've opted to content-carve to this extent , and i 'd argue your claim of being free is misleading . please reconsider which features to gatekeep , because locking basic functions behind a paywall makes me * less * likely to support you financially .
ca n't use with vpn . i practice information security and prefer to use a vpn whenever i can . i use 2 norton & nordvpn ( not of course at the same time ) . in both usage cases , when my vpn is activated it would say there is no connection . i have even tried different servers . is there a reason that vpns are a problem for your service ? how is your data management & security ? does your company view people 's data ? how do you keep others from being to steal others data , because username & passcodes ...
why you got ta pay for push notifications or reminders at a certain point .. you guys are just a company trying to get rich .
the interface is very nice and simple , however , once i got down to using it and setting some tasks ( five tasks total ) , about an hour later i went back to the app to make edits , but instead saw the list of tasks that i have set were deleted . if the app has an issue saving the tasks , it needs to be fixed . i will change the rating once that bug is resolved .
reminders are kind of a core feature in a to-do list app . why should i have to pay for it ? the app is fine , but i ca n't use the reminders .
i have used this app for a few years and loved but what have they done with the app ? ! the major update in december has made adding/moving tasks harder thus makes me less productive edit to answer : ca n't always change projects with a simple # , the gui is cluttered with too much going on , when i tap on a task i used to tap out but when i do it comes out of edit mode , goes to the top and i have to back out again to get to list view
there are better options available . i just did n't like the layout and functionality of the app . i tried it for a couple of months but now it 's deleted and i am going to try another .
reminder requires payment
functions fine in general , easy drag to subtasks . ca n't adjust the notifications to not go through `` do not disturb '' mode ( bad if you work off shifts ) , ca n't set timing of notifications . in a productivity app , scheduling is important . reminders require premium , seriously ? i 'll just install one of the tons of free apps that include it for free rather than pay $ 3 month . overall : average functioning app that requires paid premium for some basic functions .
expensive
i was shocked to discover that notifications is a paid feature . i uninstalled . would have been great otherwise .
the main feature does not work - it does n't remind me about todo with system notification
the changes made to how completed task are handled are not only bad ux but they introduced many quite critical bugs ! please fix .
the widget has been broken for the last couple of weeks since an update . please fix it .
new update is incredibly finicky and makes it difficult to add existing items to projects , change dates , etc . appending a task with # project_name no longer adds it to the project , it just takes it as a string literal .
i was keeping track of christmas gifts by checking then off once they were purchased and looking back by selecting , `` show completed tasks '' . until today when i went to check and they are all deleted . kind of a bummer . it was convenient that the purchased gifts were hidden and nobody could snoop on my phone unless they knew to select that option . but now i have to go through my hidden gift stash . which if you are a parent ... you know how immpossible that can be with kids around all the time .
not very user friendly .
looks great , but not useful in free plan . and it 's very expensive .
yeah keep everything for premium and then say its free
i wish there would be a widget on lockscreen
it seems like a good app with good features but it 's not intuitive at all . i spent fifteen minutes trying to find a way to skip a repeating task this week and i could mark it done . i try deleting to see if it would delete just that occurrences but it deleted the whole thing . the icons are also not intuitive at all .
the latest update is poorly designed for users with lots of tasks , completely changes the old interface , with attending bugs , out of the blue . biggest fan to dead in the water overnight . shocker .
since last major update , rescheduling a task takes you to the day where it is scheduled , preventing you from quickly rescheduling all tasks on a given day . productivity killer .
revised review : sometimes we seek out apps to help with deficiencies or make life work out . app was so great and so functional for months , until a few days ago . i was working around the changed , now cumbersome , reschedule/edit/rename tasks process . but labels beyond a few characters are hidden now . todoist labels was the thing for this app for me , with efficiently visually seeing/grouping tasks . had made app ahead of many others . app needs more display settings then ... to be usable again .
the new update is awful . i have to do so many extra clicks to perform basic operations like moving tasks to different days . multi-select does n't work any more and the widget is totally broken . rescheduling anything from the widget locks it up completely .
گزینه آندو ش میپره
every update have been a step backwards . all the small changes only made everything less convenient and looks like will only continue to do so . the last straw for me is now you ca n't add things quickly ( to default `` inbox '' project ) anymore , now you have to spend several more clicks to designate a project , even though i just want to add quickly to the default inbox . making the quick add widget useless now . also premium pricing has always been terrible and greedy ( monthly cost instead of one time ) .
completed subtasks are now forced below uncompleted ones and hidden by default . i thought that was a bug regression , but apparently it 's by design . subscription cancelled ( for now ? ) .
update on oct 29 : the new update with sections and the new ux design is a real drop of usability in my case . my day to day work force me to constantly change priority , project and other properties and with the new version , the natural language as been removed when editing a task . i will strongly consider not renewing my subscription because todoist was my workhorse because of that natural language . original review : it 's my day to day to do application to drive all my tasks .
the premium version might be good but the free version is more restricted then other to-do apps , you can not even use the labels/ tags function without paying . if you are looking for a free todo list this is probably not the app for you .
guys you created a great app that i 'd been using for years , but the latest update is weird . modal views when selecting a single task ( why do i need it instead of previous submenu for rescheduling ? ? ) , no ability to choose multiple tasks ( only by top menu - select tasks ) , strange icons .. that all makes me really sad . rolled out to the previous friendly todoist : (
( sep 2013 ) took almost 1 year for decent reminders . is still annoying to click twice to view the notes . not very productive ! ( oct 2019 ) with new interface the notes disappeared . the interface is just a copy of wunderlist or ticktick . what is the point of paying a subscription when the competition offers the same functionality ( reminders and notes ) for nothing ?
not a fan of the new foundations update . you promised so many new features and did n't deliver any of them . the update to subtasks did n't fix some of the core issues with them .
to many features locked behind premium
new layout and functionality is no bueno . do n't like the interface for rescheduling tasks . please fix ! ! !
i dislike the new update . now when i have to update the time and date of a task , editing and adding text does n't work anymore . i need to actually select things from the menu to change those things , or even add a label . the older interface was so much better that let me deal with everything by typing it out .
gud
i used todoist premium for about 6 years but i must say that it has gone down over the years . there are so many features missing compared to other similar apps which are either free or charge much less for their premium version . the new `` major update '' feels like a complete let down with absolutely no new features other than now being able to see subtasks in the parent task dialog box . still no kanban view , no native calendar view , limited to no sorting options , just to name a few . i 'm sorry , but dabbing a bit of color on icons or adding a color name next to a color do not qualify as new features . i left todoist for ticktick a couple of months ago and have not looked back .
would even pay & advertise but i am not able to see in one view when future stuff is taking place ...
why doesnt the widget remember to sort by date ? i have to keep going into the app to select sort by date .. can this be fixed ? ? ?
versão free não faz quase nada . quase enganação falar que o app é gratuito
i tested a few task apps , and this one looked promising at first . but very quickly i hit the paywall , even for basic and essential features such as reminders and labels . i 'm going to use trello instead .
you ca n't have your to do list as notifications
i hate when the things are no clear , basic features as reminders are in the premium membership
kept getting `` an unknown error has occurred , please try again later '' .... tried on several devices on my t3 connection , had no problem with other apps immediately after leaving this one . uninstalled . sad cuz it looked great . in re : dev 's reply , yes i did that . i made sure it was plugged in and turned on too . i did take a look at the .apk and i 've found an alternative for me for right now . thanks .
it just feel old ...
great app that suffers from the most annoying design flaw . every time i create a task , it goes to the bottom of the list . i always want the task at the top so i can see it . that 's the whole point of using a to do list . so i have to drag the task , one by one to the top . makes me crazy .
almost every feature requires a premium account for 36€ per year ... it 's not even possible to test these features without subscribing to an annual plan
you have to upgrade to get notifications ...
seems like a good tool , but almost nothing that i actually need to do with it is possible without a subscription . i 'd happily puchase the app , or do a free trial period , but honestly , it annoys me when companies offer a free download only to put everything useful behind a paywall , especially when they try to give a discount for a year 's sub before you even really get to try the features . nope .
its good for making lists , but if you want reminders or other features you need to upgrade to premium , its just not for me
great app . alas , i 'm constantly reminded that `` hey btw there 's a paid version which has the functionality you 're looking for : ) `` . this is tiresome and the subscription based model just does n't make any sense . plus hey ! its expensive .
i tried the free version . i liked the way , that you are writing the day to remind you and it set itself , but the free version does n't support calendar and for me this is a big minus . i prefer to use google task app , that signs up with calendar and reminds you for the task .
tedious and annoying to use . went back to using google keep .
cant make into my calendar
no longer able to add note to todoist quickly using google and note-to-self . yes you can do it but it takes 60 seconds instead of 10 seconds . not sure if this is a google change or a todoist change but it removes one of the most useful parts on todoist . i am a long time premium user looking for another tool .
i used to like this app . been using it for a few years with tolerably okay results . but it 's been having too many problems with sync , and with failing to load `` karma '' data . not only that , but if you miss checking a box but do n't see that omission until the next day , there 's nothing you can do about it . maybe the fatal flaw of this app is that it has too many features for its own good . i 'd like to get rid of sync entirely and just use the app on my android , but apparently that ca n't be done , and if i delete my online account i delete everything . i think i just want to dump this flawed app and see if i can find a good app that does everything offline in one device with no registration required .
fantastic app a critical flaw ... one touch completion , now when you brush the screen your tasks get set to complete and you ca n't find them easily .. ( updated july 25 ) the developer asked me to respond to comment ... thanks for responding . do n't fuss on my part .
why does my theme switch from dark to light every time i open the app ?
use google tasks instead
some pretty basic standard features in other apps are missing . the options menu is very limited with no option to default a tasks due date , project , category etc . these have to be entered every single time a task is created which makes adding quick tasks on the fly very annoyingly slower than other apps . there is no sorting options or filters on views ( ability to create custom views does not exempt this feature from being useful ) . too many clicks to edit tasks , eg notes/comments , rescheduling .
i am not receiving my notifications on any of my tasks/projects i have scheduled , so i end up missing out on things i want to take care of . i have it turned on in settings . why is that ? ... i utilize the smart schedule tool , but still no notification . pls help or fix .
awful ux/ui - i do n't like how you have to use a rigid syntax to set recurrence for tasks . i like old fashioned controls , but todoist is just trying to be different for no reason . was on premium for several months and gave it a fair shot - needless to say , i cancelled my subscription and switched to ticktick instead . i do n't normally downvote apps , but this just did n't do it for me , and i spent money on it . i should have ignored the hype , so the fault is mine .
mostly good but simply things like creating subtasks are incredibly fiddly , why can you do it from only projects ? why can you only do it by long pressing and dragging slightly to the right ( to much marks is completed ) allow a simple option on the menu . deleting tasks is several options in etc . doing almost anything other than straight adding tasks is cumbersome as hell and just frustrating . needs some real ux love .
technically a paid app ( pay for reminders ) , ui not as attractive as related apps .
beautiful interface and design . unfortunately most features are locked behind a subscription , including some important features such as viewing completed daily tasks . as is , other top rated to do apps offer more features for absolutely no cost . would consider paying a one time fee for it but the subscription is a deal breaker .
too many premium features
notifications do n't sync without opening the app .
it 's clear to me that this is the best todo app , and i 've used it for a long time , but having reminders be a premium feature is just unreasonable as it 's impossible to use a todo app without them . i 'll be switching to ticktick .
should tell the cost first
the splash screen says the account is free forever . but to have reminder of events / tasks a fairly fundemental aspect to a task reminder app its £3 per month . that 's quite misleading . # response to the developer . thank you for responding . the main point is that a reminder function is a key aspect of a to do list rather than a premium feature .... best wishes with the app .
lost half its use once they got rid of seeing children categories in the widget . i use todoist for homework assignments and i used the parent functions for assignments to categorize what class the assignment is for . without being able to see all my parent/sub folders from the widget it kills most of the use of the app . i went back to an old apk but then i started getting prompts that the app would stop working if i did n't update . i still use it as a grocery list with ifttt until keep is fixed .
the update got rid of a major tool for me . you can no longer press and hold the task to bring up the option to delete it . not even sure how you delete on mobile now , which is very inconvenient !
does n't even come close to wunderlist or any.do unless you pay .
need to learn more
i like the app . it works , it 's functional , and it 's great . however , one thing still strikes me down . why the hell are reminders a paid feature ? seriously , what 's a to-do app without reminders ? i could use even my calendar , or almost any other app , and that would too have reminders , for free . so why should i pay for such a basic feature on a fully fledged app ?
i have read quite a bit about updates being frustrating . before applying the update , i had hoped to find documentation about changes . found nothing on the todoist website , no comments in reviews . update is attempting to be pushed , where 's the documentation ? ? ? ?
fundamental problem in their development cycle ... force users to update , but the value to the consumer does n't have a feedback mechanism prior to forcing the update . is there not a beta program with participating users ? todoist , that 's what you need to fix . for everyone else , my widgets have lost their usefulness and are now just place holders until i can remove the complete buttons , shrink text , have fully customizable widgets , or settle on another app . but really , focus on the root problem .
lots of emails notifications that you can not stop ! most of the features you need - including seeing a completed task - are all in the pro version ( needs payment ! ) edit after `` doist '' reply : i mean the email notifications for the due jobs on the lists . they keep filling my email every day and i could not stop them !
new lay out is awful and takes extra steps to do everything that was once easy . app no longer syncs to my computer app , which has syncing problems of own . since the last update it 's slow on either set up and honestly no longer as good which is upsetting as i paid for the full year right before the update that screwed it all up . i really hope you guys are working to fix the lag , the lay out and the syncing problem . this last update was a terrible idea
this app is ok. the thing that makes it stand out for me is that i 've been able to set it up to work with google home as my grocery and to do list . however , since the update i now ca n't click into the full app from the widget , which is necessary as i 'm unable to rearrange my tasks from the widget and i ca n't seem to find a way so that the app automatically sorts my tasks by 'priority ' . i can only see how to do it afterwards .
great app , but the update has ruined the functionality of the widget . i can no longer figure out how to select multiple tasks , and it is no longer possible to go straight to the app from the widget . these are to important features for quickly making more complex changes to your schedule . the widget could be improved , otherwise the app is great .
i use todoist every day and it is awesome service in general but the latest update to the widget made it absolutely unusable for me . it has too slim lines even without compact mode ( compact is ridiculous , even though i have small fingers ) , the quick button to open the main app is gone and the worst - it is now not possible to select more tasks and do anything quick with them . bye bye fast rescheduling ... i am greatly upset , it is my main tool for staying on track .
generally pretty good , but a lot of awkward design choices : no compact mode , inefficient use of colors for organization , difficulty selecting and moving tasks , lack of icon consistency , preset snooze and reminder time options rather than being able to choose them yourself .
would be better if it was possible to add to the top of the list . it is not easy to use with one hand since everything is in the top left corner . lists do not automatically sort and sort needs to be done again if anything is changed
i can no longer touch the widget to open the full app . what happened ? i use to be able to touch the upper left hand corner of the widget and the list would open in full screen .
i 'd be fine with paying $ 10 or $ 20 for this app . i 'm not fine with paying $ 3 a month forever to continue using it . without being able to use reminders on the free version , it 's no more useful than a $ 5 pocket calendar , and i 'm not willing to pay what they 're asking .
great app , but needs to be able to switch accounts easily . i have an account for personal life , and work life . on my phone it is very difficult to switch back and forth and keep my other apps happy that are connected to todoist .
ok for free but limited . there are better free apps . i want to add details to my diy jobs , such as prices , links etc . i want to easily share . and i do n't want the task to close every time i talk it trying to interact with it . maybe just me , but limited and a little frustrating . but it 's free so how can i complain
need notes option like wunderlist has get that and you 'll get a 5 star i have the premium version and we want notes aswell as the chat please just like wunderlist
really great app , but it sucks that you have to get premium to get the most basic feature : notifications for a timed reminder .
not sure yet about other features but definitely need the ability to access the full app from the widget
having some problems figuring out what all this app offers ; still learning it .
please add app option to put new task at the top of the list for those that are coming from wunderlist .
widget non responsive .. suddenly u want to tick one item . a whole lot of other items tht got clicked
a few major issues : 1. the addition of sections in projects is nice , but not useful if they only appear in project view but not filters . 2. the sections can not be reordered to appear at the top of a list , the can only be at the end of a task list . 3. in filtered view , pulling subtasks out of their parent task or non-completable tasks is ludicrous . duplicating them like that is silly at best .
being a `` free version '' user , regularly . i can boast about todoist 's opening yield of tools you receive . although they are not much different or more varied than most other task apps . what makes todoist stand out is the easy-to-operate platform . the simplicity mixed with the intuitive functionality makes this a hair more effective , enjoyable , & my recommendation for anyone needing some help being more structured . it helped me greatly .
would be awesome if paid but free version too restricted it ai n't worth it
waiting for you to fix the widget issues . namely parsing @ p # and smart date
i recently downloaded this app and paid for the premium subscription . i like the app , but i have two issues that are hindering its functionality . the first is that the notifications slate quite buggy . i have 3 different daily tasks which i 've set to notify me when they start , and i only receive my notifications sometimes . the second is that my workweek is sunday-thursday , and i found out after speaking with their support that there is no option to set a non-standard workweek .
its a to do list that can go everywhere with you and no writing ! can prioritize list as well great little app 11/2019 edit- hoping like other folks that they undo the changes . this app has gotten more difficult and counterintuitive with the last update . used to be able to select multiple items to reschedule at one time . ca n't do that anymore . also used to be able to just type repeat everyday , repeat every monday wednesday and friday etc . it now seems like only sometimes that works .
previously : the best to-do app by a million billion miles ! i have tried many other systems and this one beats all the others for sheer usability and adjustability- excellent system . 26/10/19 update : this major update to your app is , for me , unfortunately counter intuitive , poor and makes my life harder ! i like enhancements to apps but sometimes , as in this case , fiddling with something which was already very good is likely to make it worse . many of the new `` features '' make the app worse !
excellent with a single exception . i 've used todoist for about 5 years and it 's the best app in its class- the free version outperforms other paid apps in my experience . the one thing holding it back for me is the home screen widget . on my phone it struggles to load , lags , is unresponsive , wo n't select tasks properly , , the list may well go on- in short there are so many things which sometimes break , it rarely works . this is fundamental . 5 stars if fixed . til then , it 's a reluctant 3 .
it was essential to me until the last updates .
i 'm editing my review due to the new update . dear todoist , the new update made it nontrivial to change the project of a task on the app . i have to click on the three dots then on move project . this should be as simple as changing the label . please , be so kind to the users and fix this . .... great app , does exactly what i need it to do . extremely simplistic and elegant , yet functional design . i would tweak one little thing or too , but overall todoist is almost a perfect product .
first reaction to new design - much worse , now cluttered , how can i allocate from inbox to task group or whatever they 're called . why break this when it worked ? frustrating . i otherwise love todoist , it is seamless and i have been managing tasks with that for ages , clearing my mind . ( thx for response below -- but pls do n't break what works nicely . )
i had a 5 star on this but recent updates have made it far less simple to edit tasks , 3x more taps first to open and then change then get out of the added window that opens . also it is now impossible to select amd edit in bulk . poor consideration of basic use cases on part of developers and testers .
why do you get rid of things after making users use to it ? ? what happened to the press and hold to multi select ? why ca n't i type 'tomorrow ' and click backspace to remove the auto calendar add like i was able to before the update . thanks for the new features but do n't take out the old ones , or at least add an option in the settings to keep things the same
looks very appealing and has support on multiple platforms however having basic push notification for individual tasks behind a pay wall is pretty stupid and makes it the app untempting to switch to . i would reconsider if the paywall was n't a subscription or rather have the reminders as a separate one time purchase .
repeating previous posts- do n't bother with the free version if you can not pay the premium . it 's just a shell not worth the space it requires .
pretty good but when i 'm adding a reminder please do n't assume the time will earlier in the day than the current time . also , it goes a little haywire during the transition to/from daylight savings time .
i have been using it for years now , but the windows version is still not as perfect as android version . when i open the windows 10 version of todoist , the app load takes too long
super app with horrible widget . you can mistakenly complete a task by clicking on widget , and it 's gone without you even noticing it . free apps have better widget honestly .
android widgets do n't work anymore . clicking on `` done '' circle but nothing updates . only by restarting the phone , removing and re-adding widget to screen . uninstalled .
it 's pretty good so far . i 'm still working on coordinating it with my other organisational apps .
think its great but keeps going black and crashing all the time !
keeps me focused ! ! but i do n't want to purchase anything . i think it could all be free in my opinion .
a good app , although disappointed that i ca n't repeat a reminder without paying
great app but unless you pay $ 48/year you ca n't type comments against your tasks !
there is no way to edit repetetiveness through ui unless i know the smart commands .
not user friendly . free version very limited .
widget i add on home screen does n't work when i 'm offline .
have been having issues since last update , when adding a to do , it defaults to go to the inbox folder , instead of going right to 'today ' list . so have been forgetting to do stuff because i did n't see it lol . 5 stars otherwise once the issue is fixed . edit : sane thing happens when i am on today tab and have it set as homepage .
please , make the widget minimalistic/customizable/half-transoerent like in com.stuff.todo . what you have now it too cluncky , all-branded and in most cases does n't fit homescreen aesthetically . also make it possible to use different colors for sub and subsub tasks ( for example , white , grayer , gray ) . shifting from the left is not enough .
great way to start to get organized !
great app , but whin i installed it and tried the basic feature which is the reminder , it does n't avaliable thats mean you cant also try the reminder . i appreciate that , becouse no one will give you his work as a free . ok , i will give it less than 4 becouse i didnt see the main feature which i need .
the app is good and i 've switched to it from ticktick but then i switched to microsoft todo because of the design mainly but that 's not the only thing . do n't get me wrong it works but there are way to many features that are premium at least make the reminders a free feature because that is just absurd . maybe fix the design , add an all black theme and make the reminders a free feature but all in all it 's great
it 's good , but i do n't like how it makes me feel bad for how unproductive i am ... but that 's just me ! nothing against the program
came highly recommended . tried it . hate that i ca n't see the subtasks in a project ( why even .. ) , and apparently that 's a recent update ! well no one seems to like this feature , or at least there should be an option to either have subtasks or not , so hope you guys bring it back . will use it then . another observation- most of the top-notch features are unavailable to non-premium users , and not many are willing to subscribe . seems a bit unfair . one time payment would be great . will that change ?
todoist has been a big help for me getting organized and i love using it . unfortunately i can only give it three starts due to a problem i 've been having for months now . long story short , my weekly streak does n't reset when i fail to meet my weekly goal . i 've contacted their customer support team twice since the problem started and both times i was told they were checking with the dev team followed by silence . no explanation or solution .
the ui is neat with pleasing graphics . it is straightforward to use = no frills . i just wish it can accomodate 6 people and the notes feature is available to use ( it is a premium feature , but it would be nice if there is a character limit , as a compromise ) . the app supports syncing with calendars . but imo , a todoist calendar option will be better - no added step of linking and maintaining the other calendar 's data integrity . all in all , this is an app with potential
i like the way this app is so intuitive to use but it has just been updated and there are dots that can be selected . generally on websites these are used for options , you select one then do something with it but in todoist when an option is selected it deletes that task . it is very confusing and counter-productive . swiping the task was much more intuitive . i do n't know why this has been changed when it worked fine as it was . as the saying goes , if it ai n't broke do n't fix it !
very nice looking , the pricing is just right , and i love that you can have subtasks upon subtasks . but ... almost nothing about it is intuitive . for an app that is all about helping the user be more productive , to have a new or occasional user blundering around poking and prodding until the app lets them accomplish basic tasks ... well that is obviously detrimental to productivity and a surefire way to accidentally encourage customer churn . ux test your app please .
overall i like this app and i am wondering if i should pay for the premium version , because there are serious limitations on the free one ( no notes or labels ) ... but there is one thing that annoys me : the impossibly to control the view settings . it would be better if they had options to change the size of panels and size of fonts and smaller spacing between each entry . it would allow for a better overall view and/or permit to view more things at once and reduce wasted space of the left sidebar
they changed the priority colors , so that instead of a gradient , it now goes grey , blue , yellow , red . i do n't think this is an improvement - it is not immediately apparent to me which priority blue is at a glance . they also took away the priority color strip on the left and replaced with a colored checkbox . it looks worse to me . i 'm not sure this was necessary , just so that the user could close out a task with a single click .
decent app , but not worthy of monthly fees . what happened to 1x pro licenses ?
the app looked very promising , but there were too many `` upgrade to premium '' notifications when initially clicking through the app . from what i saw , i probably would have paid for a year if i was able to try out the fill app first . instead , i got what felt like being kicked in the face by upgrade notifications . for these reasons , 3 stars and lost buisness .
layout and appearance is good but main features like alarm , reminder etc are available only in premium version .
this app seems great . however i switched to another app mainly because the reminder alarms and reoccurring task options are locked without premium . what the free version let 's you do is fine but not impressive enough to risk a subscription billed annually . they should give a free premium preview for a week or two so this app can showcase itselbetterf . without access to reminders it felt more like a note keeping app that i had to remember to check which hindered the promised productivity boost .
its a cool app , it really is , but developers need to understand that a subscription based system is not for every app . im fine paying a subscription fee to netflix , or spotify because there is new content almost daily , but i refuse to pay a subscription fee for a todo list app . make a payed app , ill buy it for 30 bucks , what i wont is give you 3 bucks a month everymonth and add yet another subscription fee to my list
widget seriously needs fixing . screen real estate is important , and your widget is huge & wastes so much space . please set up options for controlling text size in it & try to remove dead space , & the title of the app , since it 's unnecessary . this is almost a deal breaker for me . : ( also , small request , is there any way you can change the task example to anything but the name alex ? like `` someone '' instead , because honestly it triggers me pretty bad ( abuser ) . thanks for considering my comments .
why did you remove the 'open app ' button from the widget ? this is very very annoying . alao , new tasks should be inserted on top , not at the bottom .
right now i '' m using todoist for simple tasks , as an inbox for research and non-essential stuff but todoist needs to step up their game . i do n't use todoist for long-term planning ( i use my other task manager for that ) or for important tasks or projects because todoist simply is not built for actual projects although it refers to its lists as `` projects '' . what todoist and many users actually are wanting from todoist is a task outliner close to mylifeorganized , notion , dynalist where projects exist within the task outline . had to give it a three star `` meh '' rating .
this application is good in a way that you can prioritize and organize your tasks . the thing is that , the important features such as the 'alarm ' for notification of reminders and sharing of documents are only allowed in premium package and as a student i would not be able to avail these features monthly . i wish that you can add a feature wherein you can personalize your notes so it will be more fun and exciting to use .
it 's good , but everytime i mark a task as completed on the widget i have to open the app and tell it to sort my tasks by date again . you guys should include a setting to choose how you want your tasks ordered and reorder them by that setting everytime . cause it 's annoying having them reorder themselves in a way i dislike constantly .
i 've used todoist for years and it 's a fantastic app but i wo n't give it more stars unless they show sub-projects under the parent project again , like it is on desktop . * * edit * * : i added one more star for having configurable swipe settings , which i really appreciate . this feature allows you to replace swipe-to-right to `` select '' with `` done '' which is far more useful .
there is an issue in this app where comments dont show up on mobile app but you can see it on desktop or web . i have to logout from the app for the comments to appear . this happens every now and then . when it happens , i just need to logout and login but i find that inconvenient . pls fix .
todoist is the best i 've found for allowing me to create to do lists and then assign tasks dates and times later , while syncing with google calendar . unfortunately , it has a bad habit of deleting past calandar entries , especially those that repeat -do n't ever modify one instance of a recurring event !
it was easy to use the first few days , but now it 's only adding everyday things ( like feeding my dogs ) to my list every other day , and not letting me fix it . it also does n't send notifications so in order to remember my todo list i have to remember to open an app with my todo list .
this app is great but one thing that bugs me is that it doesnt have the option to attach images to the tasks . you can comment images within a task but i just wish you could directly attach them so you could see it underneath a task rather than having to click on the task then go into comments .
great app .. keeps things organized . my request is that changes should be saved automatically rather than having to press save like in google keep . i forget to save it before leaving the app usually because i am in a rush and so things do n't get updated .. this feature would help a lot
i really ca n't speak to the full experience , because i do not have the premium version , but so far the free version has helped me with keeping my projects and tasks in one place . i am still getting the hang of prioritizing , but that is more of a personal thing .
does n't meet my needs . i 'm looking for a to-do app that allows me to see the tasks on my smart watch , click them done , then restore the tasks . wanting to create a task list that i 'll do repeatedly . i do not want to have to touch my phone . this app does n't perform in a manner that supports that .
i like the app so far . one issue is like someone else said , why do you have to pay for the app before doing a free 14-day trial ? second , why do n't the notifications pop up where i can see them ? that was one of the main reasons that i got the app . i need to be constantly reminded of what i need to do . i have adhd and remembering a bunch of things that i have to do is a huge issue .
phone : samsung galaxy j7 star i just started using the app . i 'll upgrade or downgrade accordingly .
good app . a lot of useful features . as a premium customer , i would like to have the ability to export to an excel or spreadsheet program for reporting purposes . also , the app freezes a lot on windows
used to love this app , but the new widget is ugly , unreadable , and too easy to accidentally check something . i 'll be looking for a replacement if this has n't been fixed by the time my subscription runs out .
so far todoist has worked fine , but the fact they want you to pay a monthly fee to set a `` reminder '' is ridiculous . so many times i 'm in the middle of something and ca n't finish a task right then and i want to be able to set a reminder . time to move on to another app .
been using todoist for some months now great app but need to make the google home experience better . it would be great if it would ask to set a time and date and would i like to change the title of the context when it asked if you would like to change the context , add a label and move to a different project .
i can not re-edit the date like i used to in the last update please fix it . i want to edit it from the text box not from the calender .
the ui looks great . love the dark theme . problem is i downloaded this app because it was advertising watch compatibility in the pictures but the app is nowhere to be found on my galaxy watch active , which was the only reason i chose this specific app .
i dislike the update but mostly i dislike that it was changed and i had to look here to find out why . if you are going to change the core functionality of the app at least say so when i open it . i am greatly fighting my response to just uninstall out of frustration .
frustrating update plans .
sync between gcal was so bad that i wasted plenty of time waiting to add a single task . for almost half a year it worked fairly nice but that problems with sync today was enough to lose any trust for keeping important task on that platform
when you complete a task it disappears ! ! not a good function - means you ca n't remember what you accomplished , and you do n't get the satisfaction of seeing a big list of things crossed out ( something list makers love ! )
makes a less-than-good first impression on new users by makng word input as scheduling as cryptic as possible and having no undo for marking things done , or way of looking up what you accidentally marked as done . a pain in the neck in many ways .
the app is very good , but after the change in scheduling settings the feature is not convenient at all . each time i need to schedule the task to a certain time - it 's a torture .
works great , easy to move unfinished tasks . why the 3 ? because they want 3 dollars a month to review completed tasks . there are others out there that do n't charge .
no longer syncs with alexa . useless for my needs edit : thanks for the response . i 'll raise it by two stars in the benefit of doubt . hope amazon solves your issue fast , as alexa is integral to your lists .
not quite as good as wunderlist for me ... but overall decent and as i need to use this for work now ( as wunderlist blocked ! ) i am trying to get into it broadly . premium features seem quite pricey .
i found that the several tabs was unnecessary and prevents me to be productive . we have to pay for an app to get reminders . i 'll rather use an app with ads if the reminder function is gone
please reduce the font size in widget so that more items can be shown in a smaller window . there are not so many options so it should n't be any issues with click target size etc . check how google calendar widget shows information in agenda mode .
it 's really handy for specific dates and categories , but i would love it if there were more customising and theme options that are not for the premium package .
overall , it 's pretty darn good . the only problem i have with the app right now is that the crown does n't work for scrolling . please integrate this simple feature for five stars .
was great before the new 'redesign ' . now it 's a pita to reschedule things . i wish they 'd stop messing with things . may have to check out a different app
i wish widget would have a very compact design , just a list of tasks , nothing more -- no menu bar , no headers , etc . as for me , the widget eats too much of homescreen space and is not optimised .
please ad an option to turn off check boxes on the widget . since it was added , i 'm constantly checking off items by mistske . once you do this , it is tedious to get the item back .
i use the widget quite a lot and i have found it really difficult to mark a task as completed . it requires 3-4 clicks on the tick button to mark it is complete
free version does what i need , with the exception of undelete when accidentally clicking the wrong thing . however the cost of pro version too much for just that feature
generally very good . i have a few problems when i use it for reminders . working out what i need to write for a week of reminders in 10 days time is a bit challenging .
what i 'm looking for is scheduling calls . not just typing call so and so but click on call button and my contacts would pop up to choose from . when you have this i 'll gladly pay a fee and will be strong proponent of the app .
it technically does most of things you would want a list app `` to do `` , but it seems to make them a bit tougher than other apps , or charges
it 's not a bad app but i find it too cumbersome to navigate , i would have liked a simpler display of tasks , visually and organizationally it needs work .
does n't offer too many options to notes and writing ( listing , text fonts and sizes ) . tools and resources are very simple and limited .
everything is premium . lots of useful things are premium and you actually have to buy them . everything except that is good .
just migrated to tick tick - it 's better with more holistic useful functionality and cheaper with free version having not that much restrictions like in todoist . sorry guys , it seems you have some work to do if you want to stay competitive .
uncomfortable manual typing for time setting in a reminder . time reminders are not stable , some times push notifications does n't work .
absolutely love the app but the new checkboxes take up too much space . please add an option to hide them .
seems pretty good , but totally crippled the free version by not allowing reminder notifications . what 's the point without those ? not bothering with it .
i wish reminders were n't just a premium feature , they should be a basic feature . everything else is fine .
i like that you value privacy . so i 'm disappointed that tasks within a project ca n't be broken down into more tasks . the comments feature does n't seem to be enough of a supplement .
i wish more options be available to free version
this app is missing subtasks and obviously no prioritizing subtasks . when subtasks are added if they ever are please make with all the primary task options and a next action option .
looks great , but reminders/notifications are a premium feature . google calendar is better .
best app to use . 3 star only because it is not available in hindi language whenever it will be in hindi language i will add my 2 star . thanks team todoist . : )
to much time consuming and confusing features
good but not as good as tick tick . the weak sorting in todoist limits its effectiveness when managing multiple projects
a little shy on functionality but for the price it ca n't be beat . i use it daily .
the idea of the app is great , but many services are paid . the free version is more limited than i thought .
last update.is bad , its hard to put time for the task i dont why you have updated that .... i paid for something easy to do why you are making it hard to put a time for the task
$ 36 for premium and they wo n't even respond to my email for technical help . whatever , i figured it out . good app . no help .
it would help me to better schedule my tasks if the feature to repeat a task could be made to be more fluid , i.e . instead of only allowing users to key in `` every week '' , `` every day '' etc. , it would be better if it allows `` aug 28 , oct 5 , nov 11 '' .
taking stars off because no swipe options . that 's just so bad sorry to see that . get back to your previous designs please
i accidently deleted an item then screen rotated and undo option did not appear ! developers , please preserve state of the app between rotations !
has its own strengths . not as easy and intuitive as trello or wrike but can handle subtasking well .
i do n't understand why the changes i make in this app do n't sync with google calendar . what am i missing ?
good app , but notes become a paid feature so uninstalled after a few days .
good app . the way subtasks are structured are a pain in the ass though : /
i hate the checkbox so much ... please make an option to remove them . totally ruined the old nice swiping experience .
love the content , but the price is way too high for premium
phone app is great and syncs well but windows app always jumbles my tasks so i would recommend using online app on your computer
if it had reminders in free version it would have been the best to do list .
premium is subscription based ... thays a huge deal breaker for a todo program .... just saying .
app is good to use but it 's premium so not using now .
too many features that it becomes easy to be distracted
it would have been better if one could use the app without having to log in ...
nice app but requires payment for basic features .
notification sound does not reflect the do not disturb option
needs registration , for online use ...
a very helpful software especially in management work
you cant set reminders without paying . what is the point of an electronic to do list if you cant be reminded to do your tasts .
excellence app . but now widget error on asus zenfone max 3
if the reminder is not available in free version it is a waste to install .
helpful features but not everything accessible on app version
great app but pricing is too high for premium
i like using this app . i would love to see a sync between devices in future .
no feedback . and i want to arrange the tasks according to their priorities in the home screen widget . and i want to repeat some tasks weekly .
reminders are premium , kind of denotes the point of having a to-do list .
how can i set a task to repeat daily or weekly ? ?
was nice using the app ... getting used to the interface
ca n't use it without email .
only been using for 3 days , easy to use
quite boring app and ca n't add subtasks .
need to increase some options of task editing
everything is locked .... repetition schedule is unable
widget is not working in nova launcher .
good but not fully free
new to the app so still learning
it makes you rate the app and its extremely annoying .
cool app . please include a repeat option
still getting to grips with the app . i 'm sure it 's great .
not all can afford premium for reminder
ui is hard to understand
is this offline ? or can you use this even though your not connected to the internet ?
it would be great if did n't cost 28.00
not really what i 'm looking for looks like it 's more time consuming than just getting to work
not quite what i need . otherwise looks like a decent app
every time you ask me to rate it , my review goes down a star . stop asking me to rate it , i already have .
reminders should be available for all .
nice app but the price scared me
still trying to learn how to use the app . i 'm going to go on youtube for some help .
could you please add the option to repeat the tasks ?
hi how can i get this app on my galaxy watch ? ( 46mm ) regards
be nice to see all tasks by day instead of just 7 days out
i do n't get reminded everyday like i wish shalom
widget transparency please ...
no to do hstoryi tracking ? ?
i like it so far .
need to explore more
didnt work out for me
it 's good for me .
nice app but would like access to a calendar without paying premium price
nice app
loved todoist but the new widget is a massive step backward for me . ca n't multiselect and reschedule multiple tasks anymore .
eu amo este aplicativo e uso sincronizado com o meu google calendar . porem de um tempo para cá , mesmo com a configuraçao para manter no google calendar as tarefas ja executadas no todolist , o evento do google calendar some . podem verificar ? era muito importante pra mim que os eventos continuassem no google calendar . minha versao nao é premium e estava pensando em comprar . estou com medo de comprar e continuar assim . obrigada !
useful
nice material design is to very old . sound tons of todo managers with beautiful ux and interesting ux . since 2015 not namy changes . new releases is almost empty . feels like this product develop single developer . i whanta a customizible icons for every project . rich graphics with analytics , not single karma . more actions or favorite projects in long press shortcuts . manual sorting favorite projects . more functions when i types a text . more performance , limit in 300 tasks per proje its nothing
: thumbs_up :
please provide undo and redo for all actions
great app
very long time user . latest updates are making things harder . subtasks in recurring parent tasks are now automatically archived when completed and do n't seem to reappear when parent task is due again . example : i have a weekly todo titled `` groceries '' with grocery items i need to buy as subtasks within that recurring parent task . whereas before i could mark a subtask as complete and expect that same subtask to reappear next time when i go shopping again , it 's now completely gone .
good
looking good todo manager . the premium was already expensive for india , but i just realized that not only they increased the price , but the price indians pay would be more than the us price . now , that 's called a rip off .
things to do : - add a `` move task '' icon to the single selection toolbar ( it 's currently in the `` ... '' menu , annoying ) - use the de facto android standard for multiple selection : the long press , gosh ! other than that , 3 stars for the occasional bugs . tasks are often slow to move , as in i move a task then after 2s it goes back then moves again , making it a mess . tasks got sometimes lost in other subtasks because the drag and drop gesture is clumsy .
اغلب الميزات الهامة مدفوعة
ok
not bad
great
pop up notification ( alarm with voice ) is not available . please do needful . check to do reminder , it will help you to make your app improve .
highly user friendly , but the free version lacks some of the useful features ...
loved todoist but the new widget is a massive step backward for me . ca n't multiselect and reschedule multiple tasks anymore .
it was essential to me until the last updates .
this app is ok. the thing that makes it stand out for me is that i 've been able to set it up to work with google home as my grocery and to do list . however , since the update i now ca n't click into the full app from the widget , which is necessary as i 'm unable to rearrange my tasks from the widget and i ca n't seem to find a way so that the app automatically sorts my tasks by 'priority ' . i can only see how to do it afterwards .
not sure yet about other features but definitely need the ability to access the full app from the widget
i use todoist every day and it is awesome service in general but the latest update to the widget made it absolutely unusable for me . it has too slim lines even without compact mode ( compact is ridiculous , even though i have small fingers ) , the quick button to open the main app is gone and the worst - it is now not possible to select more tasks and do anything quick with them . bye bye fast rescheduling ... i am greatly upset , it is my main tool for staying on track .
great app , but the update has ruined the functionality of the widget . i can no longer figure out how to select multiple tasks , and it is no longer possible to go straight to the app from the widget . these are to important features for quickly making more complex changes to your schedule . the widget could be improved , otherwise the app is great .
great app , but whin i installed it and tried the basic feature which is the reminder , it does n't avaliable thats mean you cant also try the reminder . i appreciate that , becouse no one will give you his work as a free . ok , i will give it less than 4 becouse i didnt see the main feature which i need .
i can no longer touch the widget to open the full app . what happened ? i use to be able to touch the upper left hand corner of the widget and the list would open in full screen .
would be better if it was possible to add to the top of the list . it is not easy to use with one hand since everything is in the top left corner . lists do not automatically sort and sort needs to be done again if anything is changed
to much time consuming and confusing features
why did you remove the 'open app ' button from the widget ? this is very very annoying . alao , new tasks should be inserted on top , not at the bottom .
generally pretty good , but a lot of awkward design choices : no compact mode , inefficient use of colors for organization , difficulty selecting and moving tasks , lack of icon consistency , preset snooze and reminder time options rather than being able to choose them yourself .
nice material design is to very old . sound tons of todo managers with beautiful ux and interesting ux . since 2015 not namy changes . new releases is almost empty . feels like this product develop single developer . i whanta a customizible icons for every project . rich graphics with analytics , not single karma . more actions or favorite projects in long press shortcuts . manual sorting favorite projects . more functions when i types a text . more performance , limit in 300 tasks per proje its nothing
need notes option like wunderlist has get that and you 'll get a 5 star i have the premium version and we want notes aswell as the chat please just like wunderlist
needs registration , for online use ...
i 'd be fine with paying $ 10 or $ 20 for this app . i 'm not fine with paying $ 3 a month forever to continue using it . without being able to use reminders on the free version , it 's no more useful than a $ 5 pocket calendar , and i 'm not willing to pay what they 're asking .
really great app , but it sucks that you have to get premium to get the most basic feature : notifications for a timed reminder .
nice app
a few major issues : 1. the addition of sections in projects is nice , but not useful if they only appear in project view but not filters . 2. the sections can not be reordered to appear at the top of a list , the can only be at the end of a task list . 3. in filtered view , pulling subtasks out of their parent task or non-completable tasks is ludicrous . duplicating them like that is silly at best .
it 's pretty good so far . i 'm still working on coordinating it with my other organisational apps .
please add app option to put new task at the top of the list for those that are coming from wunderlist .
reminders should be available for all .
please , make the widget minimalistic/customizable/half-transoerent like in com.stuff.todo . what you have now it too cluncky , all-branded and in most cases does n't fit homescreen aesthetically . also make it possible to use different colors for sub and subsub tasks ( for example , white , grayer , gray ) . shifting from the left is not enough .
new to the app so still learning
ok for free but limited . there are better free apps . i want to add details to my diy jobs , such as prices , links etc . i want to easily share . and i do n't want the task to close every time i talk it trying to interact with it . maybe just me , but limited and a little frustrating . but it 's free so how can i complain
nice app but would like access to a calendar without paying premium price
how can i set a task to repeat daily or weekly ? ?
waiting for you to fix the widget issues . namely parsing @ p # and smart date
would be awesome if paid but free version too restricted it ai n't worth it
useful
having some problems figuring out what all this app offers ; still learning it .
great app , but needs to be able to switch accounts easily . i have an account for personal life , and work life . on my phone it is very difficult to switch back and forth and keep my other apps happy that are connected to todoist .
eu amo este aplicativo e uso sincronizado com o meu google calendar . porem de um tempo para cá , mesmo com a configuraçao para manter no google calendar as tarefas ja executadas no todolist , o evento do google calendar some . podem verificar ? era muito importante pra mim que os eventos continuassem no google calendar . minha versao nao é premium e estava pensando em comprar . estou com medo de comprar e continuar assim . obrigada !
widget non responsive .. suddenly u want to tick one item . a whole lot of other items tht got clicked
repeating previous posts- do n't bother with the free version if you can not pay the premium . it 's just a shell not worth the space it requires .
have been having issues since last update , when adding a to do , it defaults to go to the inbox folder , instead of going right to 'today ' list . so have been forgetting to do stuff because i did n't see it lol . 5 stars otherwise once the issue is fixed . edit : sane thing happens when i am on today tab and have it set as homepage .
layout and appearance is good but main features like alarm , reminder etc are available only in premium version .
being a `` free version '' user , regularly . i can boast about todoist 's opening yield of tools you receive . although they are not much different or more varied than most other task apps . what makes todoist stand out is the easy-to-operate platform . the simplicity mixed with the intuitive functionality makes this a hair more effective , enjoyable , & my recommendation for anyone needing some help being more structured . it helped me greatly .
i wish more options be available to free version
app is good to use but it 's premium so not using now .
great way to start to get organized !
decent app , but not worthy of monthly fees . what happened to 1x pro licenses ?
frustrating update plans .
there is no way to edit repetetiveness through ui unless i know the smart commands .
excellent with a single exception . i 've used todoist for about 5 years and it 's the best app in its class- the free version outperforms other paid apps in my experience . the one thing holding it back for me is the home screen widget . on my phone it struggles to load , lags , is unresponsive , wo n't select tasks properly , , the list may well go on- in short there are so many things which sometimes break , it rarely works . this is fundamental . 5 stars if fixed . til then , it 's a reluctant 3 .
: thumbs_up :
it 's good , but i do n't like how it makes me feel bad for how unproductive i am ... but that 's just me ! nothing against the program
keeps me focused ! ! but i do n't want to purchase anything . i think it could all be free in my opinion .
google should make an app like this , it 's calendar app is not intuitive like this , giving this app low partly becuz of no integration
looks very appealing and has support on multiple platforms however having basic push notification for individual tasks behind a pay wall is pretty stupid and makes it the app untempting to switch to . i would reconsider if the paywall was n't a subscription or rather have the reminders as a separate one time purchase .
android widgets do n't work anymore . clicking on `` done '' circle but nothing updates . only by restarting the phone , removing and re-adding widget to screen . uninstalled .
great app
the app is good and i 've switched to it from ticktick but then i switched to microsoft todo because of the design mainly but that 's not the only thing . do n't get me wrong it works but there are way to many features that are premium at least make the reminders a free feature because that is just absurd . maybe fix the design , add an all black theme and make the reminders a free feature but all in all it 's great
a good app , although disappointed that i ca n't repeat a reminder without paying
please provide undo and redo for all actions
phone : samsung galaxy j7 star i just started using the app . i 'll upgrade or downgrade accordingly .
i recently downloaded this app and paid for the premium subscription . i like the app , but i have two issues that are hindering its functionality . the first is that the notifications slate quite buggy . i have 3 different daily tasks which i 've set to notify me when they start , and i only receive my notifications sometimes . the second is that my workweek is sunday-thursday , and i found out after speaking with their support that there is no option to set a non-standard workweek .
super app with horrible widget . you can mistakenly complete a task by clicking on widget , and it 's gone without you even noticing it . free apps have better widget honestly .
good
its a to do list that can go everywhere with you and no writing ! can prioritize list as well great little app 11/2019 edit- hoping like other folks that they undo the changes . this app has gotten more difficult and counterintuitive with the last update . used to be able to select multiple items to reschedule at one time . ca n't do that anymore . also used to be able to just type repeat everyday , repeat every monday wednesday and friday etc . it now seems like only sometimes that works .
very long time user . latest updates are making things harder . subtasks in recurring parent tasks are now automatically archived when completed and do n't seem to reappear when parent task is due again . example : i have a weekly todo titled `` groceries '' with grocery items i need to buy as subtasks within that recurring parent task . whereas before i could mark a subtask as complete and expect that same subtask to reappear next time when i go shopping again , it 's now completely gone .
not user friendly . free version very limited .
widget i add on home screen does n't work when i 'm offline .
first reaction to new design - much worse , now cluttered , how can i allocate from inbox to task group or whatever they 're called . why break this when it worked ? frustrating . i otherwise love todoist , it is seamless and i have been managing tasks with that for ages , clearing my mind . ( thx for response below -- but pls do n't break what works nicely . )
why do you get rid of things after making users use to it ? ? what happened to the press and hold to multi select ? why ca n't i type 'tomorrow ' and click backspace to remove the auto calendar add like i was able to before the update . thanks for the new features but do n't take out the old ones , or at least add an option in the settings to keep things the same
pretty good but when i 'm adding a reminder please do n't assume the time will earlier in the day than the current time . also , it goes a little haywire during the transition to/from daylight savings time .
i can not re-edit the date like i used to in the last update please fix it . i want to edit it from the text box not from the calender .
great app but unless you pay $ 48/year you ca n't type comments against your tasks !
i have been using it for years now , but the windows version is still not as perfect as android version . when i open the windows 10 version of todoist , the app load takes too long
think its great but keeps going black and crashing all the time !
i had a 5 star on this but recent updates have made it far less simple to edit tasks , 3x more taps first to open and then change then get out of the added window that opens . also it is now impossible to select amd edit in bulk . poor consideration of basic use cases on part of developers and testers .
i 'm editing my review due to the new update . dear todoist , the new update made it nontrivial to change the project of a task on the app . i have to click on the three dots then on move project . this should be as simple as changing the label . please , be so kind to the users and fix this . .... great app , does exactly what i need it to do . extremely simplistic and elegant , yet functional design . i would tweak one little thing or too , but overall todoist is almost a perfect product .
previously : the best to-do app by a million billion miles ! i have tried many other systems and this one beats all the others for sheer usability and adjustability- excellent system . 26/10/19 update : this major update to your app is , for me , unfortunately counter intuitive , poor and makes my life harder ! i like enhancements to apps but sometimes , as in this case , fiddling with something which was already very good is likely to make it worse . many of the new `` features '' make the app worse !
things to do : - add a `` move task '' icon to the single selection toolbar ( it 's currently in the `` ... '' menu , annoying ) - use the de facto android standard for multiple selection : the long press , gosh ! other than that , 3 stars for the occasional bugs . tasks are often slow to move , as in i move a task then after 2s it goes back then moves again , making it a mess . tasks got sometimes lost in other subtasks because the drag and drop gesture is clumsy .
cool application
looking good todo manager . the premium was already expensive for india , but i just realized that not only they increased the price , but the price indians pay would be more than the us price . now , that 's called a rip off .
great
not bad
اغلب الميزات الهامة مدفوعة
just migrated to tick tick - it 's better with more holistic useful functionality and cheaper with free version having not that much restrictions like in todoist . sorry guys , it seems you have some work to do if you want to stay competitive .
widget is not working in nova launcher .
ok
i like it so far .
no feedback . and i want to arrange the tasks according to their priorities in the home screen widget . and i want to repeat some tasks weekly .
this application is good in a way that you can prioritize and organize your tasks . the thing is that , the important features such as the 'alarm ' for notification of reminders and sharing of documents are only allowed in premium package and as a student i would not be able to avail these features monthly . i wish that you can add a feature wherein you can personalize your notes so it will be more fun and exciting to use .
reminders are premium , kind of denotes the point of having a to-do list .
highly user friendly , but the free version lacks some of the useful features ...
good
overall , it 's pretty darn good . the only problem i have with the app right now is that the crown does n't work for scrolling . please integrate this simple feature for five stars .
nice app but requires payment for basic features .
i wish reminders were n't just a premium feature , they should be a basic feature . everything else is fine .
need to explore more
nice app but the price scared me
i like using this app . i would love to see a sync between devices in future .
please reduce the font size in widget so that more items can be shown in a smaller window . there are not so many options so it should n't be any issues with click target size etc . check how google calendar widget shows information in agenda mode .
love the content , but the price is way too high for premium
good app . the way subtasks are structured are a pain in the ass though : /
the app looked very promising , but there were too many `` upgrade to premium '' notifications when initially clicking through the app . from what i saw , i probably would have paid for a year if i was able to try out the fill app first . instead , i got what felt like being kicked in the face by upgrade notifications . for these reasons , 3 stars and lost buisness .
it 's pretty useless , google does a better job
pop up notification ( alarm with voice ) is not available . please do needful . check to do reminder , it will help you to make your app improve .
it would help me to better schedule my tasks if the feature to repeat a task could be made to be more fluid , i.e . instead of only allowing users to key in `` every week '' , `` every day '' etc. , it would be better if it allows `` aug 28 , oct 5 , nov 11 '' .
not all can afford premium for reminder
everything is locked .... repetition schedule is unable
hi how can i get this app on my galaxy watch ? ( 46mm ) regards
i like the app so far . one issue is like someone else said , why do you have to pay for the app before doing a free 14-day trial ? second , why do n't the notifications pop up where i can see them ? that was one of the main reasons that i got the app . i need to be constantly reminded of what i need to do . i have adhd and remembering a bunch of things that i have to do is a huge issue .
been a paid member for years . they 've been completely frozen in time , features people have begged for years have been ignored or if they do it takes them years to implement . had to wait years just for dark mode . i saw a blog post on their site where the project manager boasts about travelling full time in his car with his family , explains a lot really . they 've really let their ( once ) loyal users down . hopefully another app comes along and eats their lunch because it 's there for the taking .
two pricy
generally very good . i have a few problems when i use it for reminders . working out what i need to write for a week of reminders in 10 days time is a bit challenging .
best app to use . 3 star only because it is not available in hindi language whenever it will be in hindi language i will add my 2 star . thanks team todoist . : )
taking stars off because no swipe options . that 's just so bad sorry to see that . get back to your previous designs please
didnt work out for me
not quite as good as wunderlist for me ... but overall decent and as i need to use this for work now ( as wunderlist blocked ! ) i am trying to get into it broadly . premium features seem quite pricey .
i wish widget would have a very compact design , just a list of tasks , nothing more -- no menu bar , no headers , etc . as for me , the widget eats too much of homescreen space and is not optimised .
notification sound does not reflect the do not disturb option
great !
handy .
everything is premium . lots of useful things are premium and you actually have to buy them . everything except that is good .
does n't offer too many options to notes and writing ( listing , text fonts and sizes ) . tools and resources are very simple and limited .
this app is great but one thing that bugs me is that it doesnt have the option to attach images to the tasks . you can comment images within a task but i just wish you could directly attach them so you could see it underneath a task rather than having to click on the task then go into comments .
great app .. keeps things organized . my request is that changes should be saved automatically rather than having to press save like in google keep . i forget to save it before leaving the app usually because i am in a rush and so things do n't get updated .. this feature would help a lot
helpful features but not everything accessible on app version
todoist is the best i 've found for allowing me to create to do lists and then assign tasks dates and times later , while syncing with google calendar . unfortunately , it has a bad habit of deleting past calandar entries , especially those that repeat -do n't ever modify one instance of a recurring event !
i do n't get reminded everyday like i wish shalom
good but not as good as tick tick . the weak sorting in todoist limits its effectiveness when managing multiple projects
you cant set reminders without paying . what is the point of an electronic to do list if you cant be reminded to do your tasts .
seems pretty good , but totally crippled the free version by not allowing reminder notifications . what 's the point without those ? not bothering with it .
this app is missing subtasks and obviously no prioritizing subtasks . when subtasks are added if they ever are please make with all the primary task options and a next action option .
could you please add the option to repeat the tasks ?
be nice to see all tasks by day instead of just 7 days out
no longer syncs with alexa . useless for my needs edit : thanks for the response . i 'll raise it by two stars in the benefit of doubt . hope amazon solves your issue fast , as alexa is integral to your lists .
it 's really handy for specific dates and categories , but i would love it if there were more customising and theme options that are not for the premium package .
need to increase some options of task editing
there is an issue in this app where comments dont show up on mobile app but you can see it on desktop or web . i have to logout from the app for the comments to appear . this happens every now and then . when it happens , i just need to logout and login but i find that inconvenient . pls fix .
i like that you value privacy . so i 'm disappointed that tasks within a project ca n't be broken down into more tasks . the comments feature does n't seem to be enough of a supplement .
a little shy on functionality but for the price it ca n't be beat . i use it daily .
can you guys implement a sound upon completing a task ? that 'd trigger my dopamine production tremendously .
not quite what i need . otherwise looks like a decent app
new
the ui looks great . love the dark theme . problem is i downloaded this app because it was advertising watch compatibility in the pictures but the app is nowhere to be found on my galaxy watch active , which was the only reason i chose this specific app .
been using todoist for some months now great app but need to make the google home experience better . it would be great if it would ask to set a time and date and would i like to change the title of the context when it asked if you would like to change the context , add a label and move to a different project .
still trying to learn how to use the app . i 'm going to go on youtube for some help .
this app and todoist web are nice products , but they do have their issues : 1. it 's hard to know what to expect from todoist in the future . updates and fixes take a very long time , and there is no public roadmap or issue/request voting system . 2. todoist promotes itself as great for the gtd method , but it lacks core concepts like next actions , waiting for , and reviews . 3. the app refuses to start if you do n't like google services ( gsf ) on your phone .
no to do hstoryi tracking ? ?
$ 36 for premium and they wo n't even respond to my email for technical help . whatever , i figured it out . good app . no help .
works great , easy to move unfinished tasks . why the 3 ? because they want 3 dollars a month to review completed tasks . there are others out there that do n't charge .
right now i '' m using todoist for simple tasks , as an inbox for research and non-essential stuff but todoist needs to step up their game . i do n't use todoist for long-term planning ( i use my other task manager for that ) or for important tasks or projects because todoist simply is not built for actual projects although it refers to its lists as `` projects '' . what todoist and many users actually are wanting from todoist is a task outliner close to mylifeorganized , notion , dynalist where projects exist within the task outline . had to give it a three star `` meh '' rating .
like
it technically does most of things you would want a list app `` to do `` , but it seems to make them a bit tougher than other apps , or charges
this is wonderfully simple and functional app update 4/30 : lately i 've been running into some limitations of this app . for example for some reason could not sort tasks when looking at the label , or on start screen . what is more troublesome are latest updates . for some reason they removed ability to customize start page . that 's the feature i relied on day to day . they have also made mobile app less convenient to use . i am now afraid to complete tasks by accident due to change in app layout .
ui is hard to understand
got ta be kidding me ! i do n't mind paying premium but not for adding notes to a task . no way . this feature is free on every one of the 100+ todo apps in play . other things should be charged for .
is this offline ? or can you use this even though your not connected to the internet ?
* * update * * after about 4years , i have grown frustrated with todoist . the support team takes around a week to get back to premium members and almost always w/ a generic `` thanks for your feedback but i 'll say nothing tangible '' response , but 24hrs if you post publicly on twitter - priorities seem to be off . development has seriously plateaued . no significant features in a very long time . it seems like they are falling behind in the market .
overall i like this app and i am wondering if i should pay for the premium version , because there are serious limitations on the free one ( no notes or labels ) ... but there is one thing that annoys me : the impossibly to control the view settings . it would be better if they had options to change the size of panels and size of fonts and smaller spacing between each entry . it would allow for a better overall view and/or permit to view more things at once and reduce wasted space of the left sidebar
i really ca n't speak to the full experience , because i do not have the premium version , but so far the free version has helped me with keeping my projects and tasks in one place . i am still getting the hang of prioritizing , but that is more of a personal thing .
this app seems great . however i switched to another app mainly because the reminder alarms and reoccurring task options are locked without premium . what the free version let 's you do is fine but not impressive enough to risk a subscription billed annually . they should give a free premium preview for a week or two so this app can showcase itselbetterf . without access to reminders it felt more like a note keeping app that i had to remember to check which hindered the promised productivity boost .
i 've used todoist for years and it 's a fantastic app but i wo n't give it more stars unless they show sub-projects under the parent project again , like it is on desktop . * * edit * * : i added one more star for having configurable swipe settings , which i really appreciate . this feature allows you to replace swipe-to-right to `` select '' with `` done '' which is far more useful .
it makes you rate the app and its extremely annoying .
awesome
good app
came highly recommended . tried it . hate that i ca n't see the subtasks in a project ( why even .. ) , and apparently that 's a recent update ! well no one seems to like this feature , or at least there should be an option to either have subtasks or not , so hope you guys bring it back . will use it then . another observation- most of the top-notch features are unavailable to non-premium users , and not many are willing to subscribe . seems a bit unfair . one time payment would be great . will that change ?
it 's good , but everytime i mark a task as completed on the widget i have to open the app and tell it to sort my tasks by date again . you guys should include a setting to choose how you want your tasks ordered and reorder them by that setting everytime . cause it 's annoying having them reorder themselves in a way i dislike constantly .
its a cool app , it really is , but developers need to understand that a subscription based system is not for every app . im fine paying a subscription fee to netflix , or spotify because there is new content almost daily , but i refuse to pay a subscription fee for a todo list app . make a payed app , ill buy it for 30 bucks , what i wont is give you 3 bucks a month everymonth and add yet another subscription fee to my list
only been using for 3 days , easy to use
it 's good for me .
excellence app . but now widget error on asus zenfone max 3
free version does what i need , with the exception of undelete when accidentally clicking the wrong thing . however the cost of pro version too much for just that feature
good app . a lot of useful features . as a premium customer , i would like to have the ability to export to an excel or spreadsheet program for reporting purposes . also , the app freezes a lot on windows
i like the way this app is so intuitive to use but it has just been updated and there are dots that can be selected . generally on websites these are used for options , you select one then do something with it but in todoist when an option is selected it deletes that task . it is very confusing and counter-productive . swiping the task was much more intuitive . i do n't know why this has been changed when it worked fine as it was . as the saying goes , if it ai n't broke do n't fix it !
widget seriously needs fixing . screen real estate is important , and your widget is huge & wastes so much space . please set up options for controlling text size in it & try to remove dead space , & the title of the app , since it 's unnecessary . this is almost a deal breaker for me . : ( also , small request , is there any way you can change the task example to anything but the name alex ? like `` someone '' instead , because honestly it triggers me pretty bad ( abuser ) . thanks for considering my comments .
please ad an option to turn off check boxes on the widget . since it was added , i 'm constantly checking off items by mistske . once you do this , it is tedious to get the item back .
very nice looking , the pricing is just right , and i love that you can have subtasks upon subtasks . but ... almost nothing about it is intuitive . for an app that is all about helping the user be more productive , to have a new or occasional user blundering around poking and prodding until the app lets them accomplish basic tasks ... well that is obviously detrimental to productivity and a surefire way to accidentally encourage customer churn . ux test your app please .
best to-do application . still needed calendar view .
was nice using the app ... getting used to the interface
i love the app but a possibility to put in task progress ( 0-100 % ) would be great ! in the updated version when i select the filter 'view all ' on my widget the subcategories are gone ... and now all tasks are only ordered by priority without regard for category . that is very very confusing ! ! please bring the categories back ! ! or at least an option to show them again .
very good
they changed the priority colors , so that instead of a gradient , it now goes grey , blue , yellow , red . i do n't think this is an improvement - it is not immediately apparent to me which priority blue is at a glance . they also took away the priority color strip on the left and replaced with a colored checkbox . it looks worse to me . i 'm not sure this was necessary , just so that the user could close out a task with a single click .
a very helpful software especially in management work
used to love this app , but the new widget is ugly , unreadable , and too easy to accidentally check something . i 'll be looking for a replacement if this has n't been fixed by the time my subscription runs out .
every time you ask me to rate it , my review goes down a star . stop asking me to rate it , i already have .
absolutely love the app but the new checkboxes take up too much space . please add an option to hide them .
i do n't understand why the changes i make in this app do n't sync with google calendar . what am i missing ?
paid app
removed two stars because of the horrible checkboxes . changing things like that without a option to disable is a disrespect to paying customers . [ previous 5 star review ] recommended for anyone who wants the most feature filled to-do list . tested a lot of them and this really stands out . you can adapt it to a lot of workflows and the new integrations made it even better !
i dislike the update but mostly i dislike that it was changed and i had to look here to find out why . if you are going to change the core functionality of the app at least say so when i open it . i am greatly fighting my response to just uninstall out of frustration .
great app but please give an option to disable checkboxes . i hit them all the time by accident and there 's no undo on the widget : - (
i hate the checkbox so much ... please make an option to remove them . totally ruined the old nice swiping experience .
i dont like the new update . tapping the circle to finsish taps is not nearly as satisfactory as the swipe from before . more importantly however , this means i very easily mark tasks as done from the widget by accident as it only requires one tap now . ( before the widget required 2 taps to mark a task done which is how wdgets should be ) .
quite boring app and ca n't add subtasks .
it 's not a bad app but i find it too cumbersome to navigate , i would have liked a simpler display of tasks , visually and organizationally it needs work .
if it had reminders in free version it would have been the best to do list .
baf
good but not fully free
the idea of the app is great , but many services are paid . the free version is more limited than i thought .
makes a less-than-good first impression on new users by makng word input as scheduling as cryptic as possible and having no undo for marking things done , or way of looking up what you accidentally marked as done . a pain in the neck in many ways .
sync between gcal was so bad that i wasted plenty of time waiting to add a single task . for almost half a year it worked fairly nice but that problems with sync today was enough to lose any trust for keeping important task on that platform
good app
looks great , but reminders/notifications are a premium feature . google calendar is better .
still getting to grips with the app . i 'm sure it 's great .
phone app is great and syncs well but windows app always jumbles my tasks so i would recommend using online app on your computer
it 's a good app . it 's pretty , minimalist and works really well . it just really bothers me that the `` undo '' ( button that appears when you make a change ) gets in the way of adding a new task and gets accidentally clicked , so i have to wait for it to go away . i would suggest for the developers to please take a look and see if you can adjust the placement of the buttons in this case . thanks !
the app is excellent ; simple , streamlined , functional to-do list . however , the newly redesigned widget gives me a heck of a lot _less_ control . how do i select and reschedule a group of tasks ? how do i open the app from the widget ( so i do n't need both the widget and an icon ) ? if i wanted to do complex editing , i could easily open the app , and the widget could do things the app could n't . give it back !
by far and away the best of all the dozens of task manager apps i 've tried using ! so intuitive . ca n't wait for the `` upcoming '' feature that 's on the way . but got ta thumbs-down the new widget . no way to open the app straight from the widget so i removed the widget from my home screen all together .
by far this is the best to do list app i have used . but i have 2 issues with new widget . first : i ca n't press the icon and go to the app like i used to . the icon is gone now . and second : the font is too small .really hard to read my list .
great app ! easily share lists with others . easy to add or check off items . one enhancement request would be to make another default view option the list of all projects , rather than having to choose one project to default view .
i love the new widget ! it 's finally useful ! please let us change the time when the day changes ... for example , i go to bed at around 3am . i consider any time before that to still be the technically previous day . that completely messes up tasks that repeat after completion ...
it 's an overall great app but the problem is that it notifies all of the notifications once be it at 8am or 10pm . if there was an option where tasks are pinned on notification untill you check them from app , i 'd give it a 5 star
straightforward solution for business and personal use in my cell and laptop . sometimes i get a bit lost on how to get from granular details back to an overview of projects .
hi can i have an option to choose between the new and old designs of the widget ? the previous version was able to have larger boxes to fit long description tasks , while the new one just puts three dots and shortens the task descriptions to fit in one fixed width , which disables full reading of the task ( bad ) . also , subtasks can not be seen without clicking the main task , which kinda defeats the purpose ( again ) of having a todoist widget where i should be seeing the overview of everything . thanks
good app , just wish you were able to back date a completed task so i can use it for tracking habits as well , but it 's a to do list app and works well .
the new widget is an improvement , but the fact that i can no longer open the app from the widget is immensely frustrating . it means i have to waste home screen space in the app icon , and is n't that what a widget is supposed to avoid ?
i have barely began using this app ( less than 15 minutes ) and i am already in love ! the terms you have to agree to alone are just so assuring and satisfying . kudos developers , kudos !
it is a fantastic apps . but if they can allow the push reminder in the free version it will make it perfect .
please , make an option to use the old style widget . unfortunartely letters became too small for 4x6 home screen grid .
easy to use . i will however like to have a time boxing feature for my daily activities .
useful , efficient , and simple ! while some people find the simplistic nature of the app as a downfall , i believe this is one of it 's best features . i can make tasks with deadlines and make the subtasks have subtasks , meaning big projects are a lot more step by step and manageable . i 've recommended this app to a few friends and would do the same thing for others , especially students !
i 've been using todoist premium for just over one year now . i think i 've tried nearly every todo app out there . there has been some quirky behavior introduced over the last few months , especially around rescheduled occurrences of recurring tasks , and it 's been a bit frustrating there . but overall , it 's the best app for me and the team behind it seem like great people based on my interactions . give it a shot !
for me it takes a lot of additional actions to schedule a task and set the reminders . even in free apps i can do it easier . for one task i 've left comments from mobile phone , however i could n't find then . they were only in the web version . of cource there are things that i like : projects , subtasks , labels , reminders by location . and access from a mobile phone and a browser .
mostly a good app , helps me keep on top of things . morning notifications are a bloody lifesaver . my only criticisms are that the free version is rather lacking in basic features , at least for people like me coming from other apps . also the top bar and the system status bar when in the app are different colors , slightly , and that 's always bugged me .
i love this app . i tried many to do list apps but this is the one that meets my satisfaction , i guess ? the basic features are good , just right . but i 'll give it 4 stars since i 'm still finding something i myself ca n't say and it 's not here . maybe it 's in the premium version but i 'm broke as hell and i ca n't afford to pay for it because i have other expenses . i do hope that some other features would someday be free , it 'll be really helpful .
we use it for running our home & project improvements . it is easy to use .. not as user attractive as some but ok .
very nice working space , but the display of things can be a bit nicer .
the best app for to-do lists . it does have a couple of minor issues : * the widget can become unusable once in a while ( stuck forever on the loading screen ) . * it can also take a couple of seconds for an item to be removed after you check it off on the widget .
this is a great app , and i love it , bit i have two small issues with it . first , i do n't like how insistent it is with notifying you to complete tasks . second , i wish the interface had a better tutorial so that it would be easier to have the due dates and such easy to prepare when you enter the task in . since fixing one would fix both , this is still a great app
love the app , but there is a bug in the current version of the app where `` next week '' actually schedules things for two weeks out . actually scheduling in general in the app seems a little wonky . these are new issues as of a few weeks ago . otherwise it would be 5 stars .
i really like this app . getting to know all the little features that are included in the free version . it has helped me with my productivity as a sales professional and given me more control of task that need to be done daily to often get forgotten . i recommend this to anyone that find using a to do list helpful .
i 've been enjoying the app . i love how i can easily set recurring tasks . there 's just one thing i wish i could change . i wish i could change the hour at which a new day begins . i know that sounds weird , but i am a night owl and usually do n't go to bed until after midnight . before i settle down for the night , i like to review my day and check off tasks that i forgot to check off earlier . but by the time i do that , it is technically a new day and the tasks are automatically marked overdue .
hey guys the new update messed up the widget layout for me now everything is smaller and more difficult to read !
great app for the most part . functionality is amazing . sync is great . but , i really hate that this app puts itself on top of whatever i 'm doing every 5 minutes exactly . been through all the settings and turned all syncing off but no . incredibly obnoxious on my tablet . have n't had the same issue on my android phone
a bit inconvenient interface when adding and asigning date to the task . other than that pretty cool intuitive ui along with minimalistic style . my first choice of todo app , even free version is good enough to keep your plans out of your head but in this app .
you responded to but still do n't understand my comment about repeating event scheduling . i know that you can schedule repeating events , & i know how to do that , but each repeating event is scheduled at intervals reliant on the original event date . what if i sometimes would like the event to repeat from the actual completion date ? for example , i forget to renew my library books for a week . when i renew them finally l have 3 weeks before i need to review them again but your system says 2 .
it 's a great app . it 's sad it does n't run on samsung wearables
todoist is really useful if you have a variety of tasks that you need to carry out , but do n't want to write it down on pen and paper .
i like but there are some basic features that are n't free .
it 's a good assistant for daily life . but i do n't like , that in there 's a premium upgrade for money .
despite the unresponsive widget , overall a pretty decent app .
this app has helped me be productive with the amount of features it has . the only negative i would say is that i would have liked to see the reminders feature included for free
great app , good at keeping you accountable and productive . would be nice to be able to re-order your to-dos though and set deadlines for when they have to be done
paid experience is better than free . but it will do since there are no ads . ui and design can be made note clutter free .
im using the free app & enjoying it alot ! super easy to capture ideas and reminders when they pop into your head , before you forget !
great app to keep tight training schedules and regimes . premium isnt necessary , only downfall would be reminders notifications more than once
it 's the perfect kind of list i 've tried . everything is great . it could be better if we had a calendar view as well .
seems almost perfect . i 'm missing a monthly view feature of the tasks/assignments/etc .
the free option has all the features i need . an alarm would be nice but since i do n't have the premium i 'll do without for now .
good app easy to use . i like the fact that it emails my daily to do list .
works well , except it keeps asking to change the timezone when i switch to firefox
very useful app , gives reminders , easy to set up .
great app only annoying that the mobile and desktop app do n't always sync up
i still feel like it 's more complicated than necessary , but it is good for special projects
easy to use and does it job to keep me on track .
easy to use . will continue further and decide if i will get the premium .
all of the free features are really good and i am way more organized
i love the dynamic add button , now that it 's finally here in the android version !
having migrated from wunderlist ( thanks , ms ) - really enjoying the similar experience i 'm having with todist . definitely both worthy of the high praise it gets , and an alternative to wunderlist for us migrating away . pros : - the dark theme is really nice - `` sections '' is a nice way to break up a list / project without having a sub list / project - having colours assigned to different lists / projects , making it easier to categorise - option to import from wunderlist . note i did not use this feature , but it 's a pro because there 's an option to i.e . i do not know how well it works or not cons : - the resizing / reactiveness of the webapp is n't ideal atm ; on a 1920x1280 screen the web app occupies the middle third - comments are a premium only feature , compared to being in the freebie section of wunderlist - ditto on labels being a premium only feature ( hashtag support was available in wunderlist ) tl ; dr : 4/5 pretty awesome to-do app . i missing some of the features i had from a competitor but not deal-breakers
only thing missing from this tool is an in-app calendar .
it is pretty good , i use it everyday . however , i think adding recurring tasks is not very intuitive . you have to remember the `` every '' syntax . some ui would help , especially for new users and non-native english speakers . other than that , it 's a pretty plain to-do list , does not include much gamification to keep you motivated to do what you have to do ( other than setting a general goal number of tasks to do in a day or week ) . reporting is a premium feature which comes in pretty thin too , you can only see a barchart of how many tasks you 've completed each day in the past week or how many tasks you 've completed every week in the past 4 weeks . for what it offers , the premium option feels a bit expensive .
i like the design and speed of the app but some features are behind a pay wall that are very helpful ( but they need to get money someway right ) the only thing that i dont like about the app is that its not possible to schedule repeting tasks
taking off a star because i 'm not sure where else to give feedback about the update . i 'm not a fan of having to click the drop-down box in the corner in order to select multiple tasks at once . especially because the task selection mode expires each time i make a single change to the selected tasks , requiring me to then go into the drop-down menu again to and then re-select all of the tasks i just selected . i really liked before how i could just select multiple tasks and make multiple changes to them at once in a few clicks . i know this change was made to allow easy re-ordering of tasks , although i do n't find this particularly helpful because i do n't typically re-order my tasks . i would prefer that this is changed back or some kind of compromise is made so that it is n't so cumbersome to edit multiple tasks at once .
powerful and simple . the only thing missing is integration with google calendar , which i used for years , and i do not see any option to migrate either . so , no backward search for the events , calendar sharing and other integrations . well , task and project-wise , this is a powerhouse ! much more simple and well designed than google keep i 've been using for years .
almost perfect . a feature i 'd love is if using share could predict the project you 're adding to based on the app you 're sharing from . when i share from spotify , youtube or soundcloud , it always goes to my `` music '' project . i wish after doing that a dozen times todoist would know that i like to add these links to my `` music '' protect and preselect it for me .
i really enjoy this app ! the design is very simple and well put together . the cute designs of people enjoying their day when i finish tasks is almost rewarding , and it 's nice when the app tells me to enjoy my day off when i have no tasks . i like that i can color-code things and add subtasks , as well as create different priority levels for tasks . the only thing i wish it had was a monthly view . then i would give it 5 stars .
it is an extraordinarily designed app . however the subscription price is high . please reduce the price so that more & more people can enroll please add the option to have `` end time '' for each task , i mean the `` from '' and `` to '' time for each task . also the unfinished tasks of `` yesterday '' can automatically come to `` today '' since tasks showing in yesterday 's list does not make sense . reducing one star for this . once these changes are done , i will surely re-rate as 5 stars . thanks .. you guys rock ! !
a very good apps . it helps me a lot when it comes into managing my time . i love the features where i can set time by simply typing at 8pm for example . good job developer
its good but can work on notifocation panel
i just would like to have also the possibility to set and see the amount of time estimated per each task or group of tasks , otherwise i am just in love for the app .
i paid for premium on this and it is by far the best todo app i 've used . the only thing keeping it from getting a 5 stars for me is that it needs an option to set what time your day ends or when the day starts . because i usually end my day at 2am and by that time tasks become overdue and karma points are not credited for the previous day . nonetheless , great app : clapping_hands_medium-light_skin_tone :
several features are limited if you do n't have the premium version but it 's still really useful . i use the widget on my homescreen very often .
what gives you as much flexibility as you need : + projects to grope tasks + lables + powerful filters alow you to create you personal views but : - it is possible to syncronize only one google calendar ! ! ! ( which is funny as for editor 's choice app ) - it is not possible to grope labels to set common color or search pattern - it is not possible to label a project so that all tasks created in a project get this label . i hole guys will fix the issue with calender otherwise all props do not worth it .
it 's really nice but i wish the notifications were better , like for some reason i do n't get notified even though the task is due . it would also be good if we can add urls beneath the name of the task , so that we can directly visit the link .
i would like to be able to move multiple tasks as subtasks instead of one at a time . that is the only criticism i have the rest is awesome !
very helpful in getting me to do stuff but i wish reminders were free
very useful application , thanks ! could you please add tags grouping ? because i have created multiple different tags and now it is really mess !
super app . one of features to add to basic version is type of calendar task distribution to visualise your week/month/year .
so far , so good . i 've only used the app for about a week . i 'll write a more in-depth review soon .
some pieces are a bit less than intuitive , some scheduling features are better on the desktop app , and a buy forever option would be really cool . otherwise no complaints .
very nice app with a lot of integrations which makes it very comfortable to use . although i think some features are missing , e g. grouping by project in a filtered view
ticktick has much better widget customization
just started using it .... the interface is easy to learn and the amount of detail is just robust enough to be appropriate for what i do .
solid free app . being locked out of extra functionality with a paywall is a little irksome but nothing i ca n't got over . it does what i need it to .
i would really love to see a pomodoro timer , habit tracker , and a kanban board . the subtasks management could be better as it is in ticktick . i really love how todoist have 2-way google calendar sync .
it 's a really great all , except that you ca n't make it buzz when you need to do something unless you pay .
this app is awesome ! trust me , it will keep you on track !
the first to-do list app that makes me wan na do stuff instead of making longer and longer lists
it is goed better than i expected their windows app is bad but we all have a browser so that is not sometging bad .
it 's very versatile ; the project system makes it easy to group tasks together . the one problem is that it does n't have a calendar view .
only began using it but seems intuitive to use . love that i have various lists , link to projects , share lists , assign tasks and gave due dates
i had a bad time with time management at work and at home . now with my samsung and the routines i can get up this is the first app that wakes up in the morning . giving me an opportunity to set up the day how i want and check them off as they 're done .
the feature of able to detect time , label , & projects on what i typed when editing tasks within inbox is now being removed ( auto-detection still available on adding new tasks though ) please consider to put it back
easy to navigate with simple task input and completion of task . sense of accomplishment . i like it so far .
some premium features should be free ! otherwise good tool to manage one 's projects .
love using this but i just wish i could customize the widget more like the opacity and such to make it fit my phone 's theme more ( i have the premium version )
i think it 's a bit silly that reminders & labels are premium features , but other than that : great app !
gets the job done very well ! helps keep track of things necessary and streamlining is awesome !
great app ! too bad a lot of helpful features are for premium only . i 'd like to have a calendar layout of the week .
i 've been using this app for a couple of months now and it 's pretty good at helping to develop and track new habits .
really helped me to level up my organizing and productivity ! i would n't need all the premium features really tho .
i 'm using the premium version a few days now . i 'm not getting any notifications for my reminders . i checked the menu and everything is fine . is there something you can do to help ?
easy , useful app that connects all my platforms . makes connecting in the business a breeze
it 's a cool app , but essential features are premium .
the full version allows you to do this . on the free version once you have completed a task you can not see what it was .
very good .
great app and it really helps me stay on top of things , though i do wish i could be able to put events in too for example : friends birthday from maybe 10 am to 2 pm and things like that
i like but there are some basic features that are n't free .
it 's a good app . it 's pretty , minimalist and works really well . it just really bothers me that the `` undo '' ( button that appears when you make a change ) gets in the way of adding a new task and gets accidentally clicked , so i have to wait for it to go away . i would suggest for the developers to please take a look and see if you can adjust the placement of the buttons in this case . thanks !
muito bom , só poderia liberar mais funcionalidades que só tem na versão premium
not used the premium yet
by far and away the best of all the dozens of task manager apps i 've tried using ! so intuitive . ca n't wait for the `` upcoming '' feature that 's on the way . but got ta thumbs-down the new widget . no way to open the app straight from the widget so i removed the widget from my home screen all together .
good app !
the new widget is an improvement , but the fact that i can no longer open the app from the widget is immensely frustrating . it means i have to waste home screen space in the app icon , and is n't that what a widget is supposed to avoid ?
todoist is really useful if you have a variety of tasks that you need to carry out , but do n't want to write it down on pen and paper .
it 's best features are locked behind a paywall
figured out how to schedule reminders but it could be easier
hi can i have an option to choose between the new and old designs of the widget ? the previous version was able to have larger boxes to fit long description tasks , while the new one just puts three dots and shortens the task descriptions to fit in one fixed width , which disables full reading of the task ( bad ) . also , subtasks can not be seen without clicking the main task , which kinda defeats the purpose ( again ) of having a todoist widget where i should be seeing the overview of everything . thanks
please , make an option to use the old style widget . unfortunartely letters became too small for 4x6 home screen grid .
enjoy todoist premium but an update to the widget has made the fonts smaller . as this is more difficult to see i do n't think it 's an improvement .
by far this is the best to do list app i have used . but i have 2 issues with new widget . first : i ca n't press the icon and go to the app like i used to . the icon is gone now . and second : the font is too small .really hard to read my list .
the app is excellent ; simple , streamlined , functional to-do list . however , the newly redesigned widget gives me a heck of a lot _less_ control . how do i select and reschedule a group of tasks ? how do i open the app from the widget ( so i do n't need both the widget and an icon ) ? if i wanted to do complex editing , i could easily open the app , and the widget could do things the app could n't . give it back !
works well .
i love the new widget ! it 's finally useful ! please let us change the time when the day changes ... for example , i go to bed at around 3am . i consider any time before that to still be the technically previous day . that completely messes up tasks that repeat after completion ...
it 's a great app . it 's sad it does n't run on samsung wearables
hey guys the new update messed up the widget layout for me now everything is smaller and more difficult to read !
i have barely began using this app ( less than 15 minutes ) and i am already in love ! the terms you have to agree to alone are just so assuring and satisfying . kudos developers , kudos !
easy to use . i will however like to have a time boxing feature for my daily activities .
well
it is a very handy app but the fact that premium is required to enable reminders kills the productivity boost i wanted to achieve
it 's a good assistant for daily life . but i do n't like , that in there 's a premium upgrade for money .
it is a fantastic apps . but if they can allow the push reminder in the free version it will make it perfect .
straightforward solution for business and personal use in my cell and laptop . sometimes i get a bit lost on how to get from granular details back to an overview of projects .
good one
ticktick has much better widget customization
works well
good app , just wish you were able to back date a completed task so i can use it for tracking habits as well , but it 's a to do list app and works well .
very nice working space , but the display of things can be a bit nicer .
despite the unresponsive widget , overall a pretty decent app .
we use it for running our home & project improvements . it is easy to use .. not as user attractive as some but ok .
great app ! easily share lists with others . easy to add or check off items . one enhancement request would be to make another default view option the list of all projects , rather than having to choose one project to default view .
super convenient
thanks , great app please add persian language
i love it
works well , except it keeps asking to change the timezone when i switch to firefox
شكرا
it 's an overall great app but the problem is that it notifies all of the notifications once be it at 8am or 10pm . if there was an option where tasks are pinned on notification untill you check them from app , i 'd give it a 5 star
seems almost perfect . i 'm missing a monthly view feature of the tasks/assignments/etc .
great app . i love the subtasks option .
solid . perhaps overpriced .
desktop version is better
good app .
mostly a good app , helps me keep on top of things . morning notifications are a bloody lifesaver . my only criticisms are that the free version is rather lacking in basic features , at least for people like me coming from other apps . also the top bar and the system status bar when in the app are different colors , slightly , and that 's always bugged me .
i love the dynamic add button , now that it 's finally here in the android version !
im using the free app & enjoying it alot ! super easy to capture ideas and reminders when they pop into your head , before you forget !
i love this app . i tried many to do list apps but this is the one that meets my satisfaction , i guess ? the basic features are good , just right . but i 'll give it 4 stars since i 'm still finding something i myself ca n't say and it 's not here . maybe it 's in the premium version but i 'm broke as hell and i ca n't afford to pay for it because i have other expenses . i do hope that some other features would someday be free , it 'll be really helpful .
the best app for to-do lists . it does have a couple of minor issues : * the widget can become unusable once in a while ( stuck forever on the loading screen ) . * it can also take a couple of seconds for an item to be removed after you check it off on the widget .
i run multiple businesses and so far this has helped me organize my days tremendously . a lot of initial decisions had to be made about where i want things and that took a while but now i 'm really glad i took the time to do it because it 's all coming together and actually relieving some stress . hopefully i can come back and add the 5th star after i 've had more time using it !
love the app , but there is a bug in the current version of the app where `` next week '' actually schedules things for two weeks out . actually scheduling in general in the app seems a little wonky . these are new issues as of a few weeks ago . otherwise it would be 5 stars .
this is a great app , and i love it , bit i have two small issues with it . first , i do n't like how insistent it is with notifying you to complete tasks . second , i wish the interface had a better tutorial so that it would be easier to have the due dates and such easy to prepare when you enter the task in . since fixing one would fix both , this is still a great app
good place for storing tasks
easy to work with
its ok
i found todoist through lavendaire of youtube she is awesome . i am grateful that to-do list is really getting me back on track .
im enjoying it so far
you responded to but still do n't understand my comment about repeating event scheduling . i know that you can schedule repeating events , & i know how to do that , but each repeating event is scheduled at intervals reliant on the original event date . what if i sometimes would like the event to repeat from the actual completion date ? for example , i forget to renew my library books for a week . when i renew them finally l have 3 weeks before i need to review them again but your system says 2 .
good app easy to use . i like the fact that it emails my daily to do list .
its good but can work on notifocation panel
great app for the most part . functionality is amazing . sync is great . but , i really hate that this app puts itself on top of whatever i 'm doing every 5 minutes exactly . been through all the settings and turned all syncing off but no . incredibly obnoxious on my tablet . have n't had the same issue on my android phone
the free option has all the features i need . an alarm would be nice but since i do n't have the premium i 'll do without for now .
love it .
learning , hopeful .
works with home assistant
easy to use and does it job to keep me on track .
good app for management
easy to use . will continue further and decide if i will get the premium .
playstore info says in-app purchases . i 'm on premium longtime . app widgets for gmail & calendar . filters , labels , shorthand for dates , recurring etc. , so flexible : * discipline * required to set your own process ! helpful examples and tutorials on their website . i do outlines for book , project , trips , recipes . attach files . i prefer web app on my chromebook , then this app on mobile . beware : app is addictive . wanted : print as outline , tasks , dated comments
a bit inconvenient interface when adding and asigning date to the task . other than that pretty cool intuitive ui along with minimalistic style . my first choice of todo app , even free version is good enough to keep your plans out of your head but in this app .
good
this will meet many people 's needs . best multi-platform apps . best location reminders . easy to use . i would like start dates and others have requested them for years but todoist refuses to add them . down a star for that . the offer a work-around but it 's not convenient .
awesome .
great app , good at keeping you accountable and productive . would be nice to be able to re-order your to-dos though and set deadlines for when they have to be done
it 's the perfect kind of list i 've tried . everything is great . it could be better if we had a calendar view as well .
good , no frill , direct for what you need in a to do list
just started but i am interested .
i 've been using todoist premium for just over one year now . i think i 've tried nearly every todo app out there . there has been some quirky behavior introduced over the last few months , especially around rescheduled occurrences of recurring tasks , and it 's been a bit frustrating there . but overall , it 's the best app for me and the team behind it seem like great people based on my interactions . give it a shot !
تطبيق رائع جدا ومحفز للعمل . كل الشكر والتقدير والاحترام لهيئة تصميم البرنامج
very helpful in getting me to do stuff but i wish reminders were free
great app to keep tight training schedules and regimes . premium isnt necessary , only downfall would be reminders notifications more than once
paid experience is better than free . but it will do since there are no ads . ui and design can be made note clutter free .
so far , so good . i 've only used the app for about a week . i 'll write a more in-depth review soon .
cool . keeping track of my stuffs is very good .
just started but it seems easy to pick up
great app only annoying that the mobile and desktop app do n't always sync up
simple to use clean interface
i still feel like it 's more complicated than necessary , but it is good for special projects
very useful app , gives reminders , easy to set up .
only thing missing from this tool is an in-app calendar .
easy to use
this app has helped me be productive with the amount of features it has . the only negative i would say is that i would have liked to see the reminders feature included for free
so far so good
this app is awesome ! trust me , it will keep you on track !
can i have your email please
all of the free features are really good and i am way more organized
крутое приложение ! вероятно , перейду на премиум подписку . тем не менее есть один нюанс , что мне не понравился и пока не смог найти решение . когда в проекте создаёшь задачу и для нее указываешь под задачи , то они отображаются с отступом . если все эти под задачи назначить на выполнение на определенную дату , то во вкладке today , все задачи будут отображаться одним сплошным списком , без какого либо визуального разделения на задачи и под задачи .
updating for 2020-still the most important app i use . it 's been life-changing . -- -- todoist is the most important app i use . it 's a tremendous way to keep track of professional and personal projects and tasks , make lists ( weekly menu , shopping lists ) , collaborate at work , and keep track of my kids ' responsibilities . doist is an ethical , bootstrapped company with a customer-centric vision and a regular release schedule . if i could marry todoist , you know i would .
awesome ! was using wunderlist , but they are going away . i tried a few others . they are all so similar now . but this one seems like it will be here for the long haul judging by the number of downloads . also , it is as simple as wunderlist . i did have to pay $ 29 and waunderlist was free for the most important functions , so that was different . but after using the app for a week i 'm sold . not a better app out there for my purposes . kiss- keep it simple stupid . and this app does that .
todoist has always been one of the most useful apps for me . i have migrated to offline world recently and have decided to plan my works in my journal ( instead of todoist and gcal ) . however , still i needed a listing app . after a bunch of search between the apps , todoist is still the best app i can use for making lists : smiling_face_with_halo : ( by the way , i should ignore some of its features like daily goals and replace the term of `` project '' with `` list '' in my mind ! but it is a perfect choice for me : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : )
so far the app has functioned excellently . i have not run into any issues . it 's very simple and straight forward . however , i do recommend you read the user start guide as you 'll find out about not so intuitive functions which make everything not only more seamless but even simpler than before . i would seriously recommend to anyone looking for a todo app , i 've been using the free version and no complaints and no ads . definitely give it a try and you wo n't regret it .
it has all the practical features that i need in order to just keep my tasks and projects organized . it is useful and user-friendly . i might go for the premium features if i see the need for them . but even without premium , it is still a very helpful application .
moved here from wunderlist , after trying other apps . this is so clean and easy to use and does everything i needed and more . my fiance and i can now both keep track of the grocery list ! ( so glad it has the ability to share with others )
this app is perfect for my personal task management . you can make it as simple or complex as you want . i like how easy it is to quick add tasks , schedule , and how i can integrate with gcal . every idea i have to do anything goes in here . i need reminders for everything ; i even use todoist to remind me to change the sheets : )
this app is really helpful . earlier , i thought that to do list apps were useless and were a total waste of time . but this app is a real time saver . the reason is that earlier i had to think what i have to do and need to do in my mind , but now i can write in my to do list and get stress free
quite simply , the best . can not get over how user-friendly todoist is -- the devs clearly designed with * intention * . pre-made templates are a godsend , text markup/emoji integration made me smile , and powerful organizational features made me stay . kudos : raising_hands :
the greatest personal organization app i have used . cool and simple user experience , works on all major platforms so you can access your lists from virtually anywhere . if you are looking for a way to get organized and productive , this what you are looking for .
after i found out wunderlist was going away i look for an app that could do all the things that could do as it was pretty much perfect for me todoist is pretty much as good , not perfect but for free i ca n't complain !
very efficient app , a real time-saver ! and since the last update , a new widget extremely well-made and customizable : you do n't even need to actually open the app !
wow , this is so slick . has to be the most polished app i have ever used . not really surprised as the web , windows and ios are all superb as well . this is so worth the $ 4 a month .
love it . only tweak i 'd love to see is when you have something to reschedule and you open the smart rescheduler feature , when you click on the item you can customize the suggested date .
really great . it is clear & effective . i can create my own projects and follow them , it shows me tasks from yesterday that i forgot to do and so forth .
this is a great app . i installed it two months ago , and i use it everyday . it keeps me awake to all my appointments , and helps me to organize everything . i recommend it to everyone .
really good app w nice interface and easy to learn layout . lets u divide tasks by `` projects '' which i find really useful ! also gives subtasks , which also helps a lot . would recommend : )
i have been enjoying this app for a good while , over a year now . the recent update moved this app from ok , useful with some mild frustration , to amazing . super pleased with this fix .
absolutely the best to do app out there . great ui , great features . use it for general stuff , shared shopping lists and household tasks , projects ... everything . well worth it for the paid version too . the only features i 'd like to see are more than once a day scheduling ( eg . morning , noon and night ; can workaround with multiple tasks ) and repeatable projects ( think recipes ; can workaround with templates but difficult ) .
free version has a lot of functionality but i do plan on paying after a few weeks of using it ... just to see if i will use it consistently
excellent app with useful features to get stuff done ! thankfully not bloated with ads or useless features . highly recommend !
seems great so far . if you add an option to make the widget clear or transparent i 'll give you money for premium . * edit- they literally added this for me in less than a week
great app , easy to use , no bumps or lumps so far , no annoying 24/7 interruptions like a lot of apps produce ! ! !
very good , has power user features as well like defining properties through text and stuff . have n't tried the collaboration part yet !
excellent update . thanks todoist team . i would suggest customizing the font size on the widget as it seems small .
this is a great app , it has made my life so much easier . i have tried other apps but this one has to be the best one so far . if you are thinking about getting it you should .
best `` to do '' app i try , very intuitive interface . my day now is completely organized . karma feature is very interesting and motivating . thank you for this amazing app .
great to-do app that does everything you want , also syncs perfectly with planner for elementary os .
i 've never been able to stick to using a to do list until now . great interface and features .
great , works with my google home so i can just blurt out stuff that pops into my head without interrupting what i 'm doing . i would like a bit more control over the details and settings in the app itself but that 's just me
great to-do list app that handles reminders well , it is perfect for my needs .
two things could be improved . 1. there should be a option if i want to view the tasks organized into sub-projects in a project view . ( concerning the last update ) 2. the sub-tasks could be better organized . maybe nested inside the options , just like in microsoft 's task app .
has literally changed my life . i use it for everyday tasks and chores . my husband and i literally no longer argue about what needs to be done around the house . i also use it as a grocery list as well so my husband and i can add things to it and when we go to the grocery store we just swipe of that we got it . absolutely life changing .
best productivity app . very intuitive to use and a must have for power users
solid to-do-list app with very nice features such as karma points and 7-days ahead . the best app in my opinion
great app ! todoist will send reminders that i have 0 due for the day . this makes me think twice if i really have nothing to complete for the day which that is not the case ! so it makes me add task and by the end of the day , i got some things done !
i 'm only two weeks in and purchased premium and killing it ( even more than usual ) at work . i love this program ! i mostly use it on my desktop but it 's great for when i think of things after hours , am on the road with my boss or walking out he office door and someone throws something my way i need to remember .
i made a resolution to set better habits to steward my time and researched some options . i found this through tim challies ' recommendation from the book do more better & productivity worksheet . he also provided some helpful tips to setting up different tasks under projects and categorizing the roles/responsibilities you have in your life ( which is ever changing ) . i really like that i can set certain tasks to repeat daily or weekly and see the next 7 days ahead to plan out my day/week .
it 's very helpful in keeping track of tasks and managing time .
life changer . love being able to make nested subtasks and being able to assign dates to them ! web app , and windows app work incredible well and feel native . great google assistant integration , but wish it was default for reminders which is probably something google needs to do to support it . only complaint is wish task descriptions were free but pricing plans are quite reasonable .
great all-around app . free features are enough for most users , though thete are some nice premium perks for upgrading . love being able to create items using natural voice . this app is tough to beat . i keep trying other apps and always return here .
was initially sad that wunderlist got shut down , but so happy to have discovered todoist instead . i like it even better -- it is smart but also simple and not overwhelming . wonderfully designed .
great design , autocomplete the date if you add words such as `` do something wednesday '' and many other autocompletion features it 's the best out there for sure , and i 've tried them all
great app , i love how well thought ux it has . thanks to the free month to try it i could really try if the app is good for me and now i am happy premium customer because it is by far the best app for todos . i am using it for my a bit enhanced gtd and my productivity has actually skyrocketed ever since i use todoist : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
super app ... can keep tracks of different types of lists really well ... just one thing i wish they had the slide and add more things in a section even in the today tomorrow next week lists it would make the process faster than choosing the date in the calender again n again .
good way to keep in touch with actions - works well with planners .
the experience is being great ! the app is really useful and beyond expectations
love this app ! it has really helped improve my productivity !
great app , using it all the time ... would be great to have a toggle for switching on and off the view of the completed tasks in `` today '' mode . this motivates even more , if you see how many things you accomplished today ...
i have enjoyed using the app . i like that you can plan to do something and it 's tossed into the void or tossed into a bucket for planning later i wish i could hide buttons related to premium features but once you get used to what is what you can avoid them
literally everything that i ever need in a todolist app ... the minimalistic design and amazing user interface is soo user-friendly and helpful to stay organised and plan my days accordingly . honestly this has been nothing short of a life changer for me .
this app is sooooo helpful for me as a student to help me stay focused and productive . it gives little reminders to get you back on track and it 's a must for any student or busy person
works perfectly . incredibly fair subscription system that 's worth the money , but not necessary for a good user experience .
great free experience ! i can organize my to-do lists into projects with subtasks . it 's almost like a sprint board for my life .
really easy to use task manager , ability to schedule posts and get alerts when you 're over due , great layout in projects or per week , ability to add links , emails , and subtasks - made my work life a lot easier !
turned around my productivity life , slowly but surely . it 's all in how you use it : i recommend starting slow with a couple tasks a day that you already do and then slowly adding things you find you need to do . clean interface and helpful karma system .
cool and descent . just wish to show completed things automatically . each time i need to look at them also while showing completed things , display it as recent first 1. to do 2. completed recent 3. past complete .. .. like wise
intuitive , flexible , and free from nagging ads
very good app , it keeps reminding me every week to do my weekly review , and that 's what i do , ca n't wait to actually start using it properly tho : grinning_face_with_sweat :
initially it did n't let me view the shopping list synced from alexa on my android smart watch . however , as the developer says , if it is added to the favorites , alexa shopping list gets synced .
great app ! i use it to keep track of work projects and my tasks for courses i take for my masters . the free version is perfect enough for what i use it for .
love the desktop version . ability to quickly add task using shortcut is my fav , without having to go application window . i wish there was an ability to add comments in free version .
being able to set a task 's date , time , or project name by just typing is game-changing .
love it especially the natural language e.g write every tuesday , friday do ... then it will automatically repeat ... every tuesday , friday .
love it . i 'm actually getting things done ! it takes a little bit of learning to work out how to make recurring tasks etc but once you do it 's all there . ( free version )
greatest app i have ever used . well thought out , organized , the only app i can honestly say that i use every single day . never forget a thing ! helps me sleep better at night .
easy to use and full featured . connects to google calendar and elsewhere . project structure along with categories and keywords allow flexible use . filters allow you to zero in on the key tasks and actions to be aware of now and here too .
really helpful to track project with simple interface and easy to use . anyway , it 's not a variety of the feature but quite simple .
its the best 'to do list ' app i 've ever come across by first impressions , simple and easy to use , looking forward to using it this week to get rid of my admin !
it does a beautiful job at helping you use their app through their website and other tutorials . it makes you soooo much more likely to stick to using it than other apps .
best app i 've tried ( for this purpose ) and i stopped trying others until further notice . i 'm considering paying for the fancy things since the app is so smooth and it 's cheap enough .
if you like checking boxes off , this is a great app . you can create lists , sublists , and even nest tasks inside of a list . it 's a great organizational list app .
excellent app , continuous improvements make app be in the top 1 % of productivity category
really helps me keep my projects in order . i always have 10-15 construction jobs going at one time . being able to walk in a house and making my list by project with reminders and emails is awesome
this is a very well designed app . i especially love the ability to share lists with my wife and make comments back on forth on specific tasks .
after searching through loads of todo list apps finally found one that works for me , great interface , very customiseable , sad that some features are locked behind premium but works fine for free
very customizable planner , easy to navigate , but not basic . i love it . thanks to the creators , you guys really did a nice job .
well thought out app for taking and tracking tasks . i love the way it can set up recurring tasks for various time periods . the comment taking works well , as does uploading attachments . good device support and notifications . this one 's a keeper : grinning_face : :thumbs_up :
i 've started using todoist again recently and fell in love with this app . it 's one of the best list managers and the big advantage for me is that it is cross platform
absolutely amazing app for helping you to organise projects at home and at work and actually get stuff done . get it you wo n't regret it .
it is very very easy use and after spending hours longing a to do list app , i can say this is the best app i have ever used . download it and install it i promise you will not regret it
perfect task tracking app i absolutely love automatically set repeated tasks . for example , you write `` pay rent every 25th '' and the task sets repeat every 25th day of month
very useful . one can make tasks repeat , and rank them based on priority .
keeps me on track with all of my many projects and the minute details of things i work on . = ] i really have a lot of projects !
really amazing ! it helps people achieve your tasks ... better than using a `` piece of paper '' . inclusive you can fix commitments in future days .
excellent app . tried everything and this is the best all around productivity app out there . well worth the premium upgrade .
after using todoist for 3 months , i have considered it one of the most effective applications so far . i have planned pretty everything using this app and could not deny to say that it has made my life a lot easier !
i like that you can repeat task in certain time period from completion date . this sets this app apart from most other to do apps .
despite its bad ux on the web ( e.g . it 's a pain to add tasks to projects , trello-like shortcuts would help ) , i like this app a lot !
absolutely amazing app , the best for to do lists .
it 's just as good as wunderlist and so much more
the best organising app i have ever used . very intuitive and very well designed . it has been a huge help .
easy to use and reminds me via notifications and email . keeps my life on track .
amazing , this is the app i 've needed ! have n't even dived into all the features yet . : raising_hands_light_skin_tone :
it has a really useful ability to add sub-tasks to other sub-tasks . great to use for ordering tasks .
great app for managing and completing tasks in a form of projects .
satisfied . but to me too little functions for free version . i 'm not able to judge whether i 'm ready to pay for full version
great app . synchs immediately . intuitive . love this app . i 've tried a few to do apps , and this one is the best
very useful , lots of options while staying simple to use . i use it all the time
outstanding ! best `` to do '' list app i 've ever used , and i 've tried a lot of them . worth every penny .
simple . does exactly what i want
the app does wonders !
perfect app for keeping all my tasks in order .
its very helpful .
very great app to keep everything on list and do it with out fail
great app and constantly improving . appreciate the hard work by developers which made a difference : thumbs_up : however agree with other users that the ability to open the app from the widget was helpful and was taken away
so useful !
it 's cutting edge of all to-do-list apps ! : flexed_biceps :
fits my needs almost exactly !
exceptional , tip top services , mateys ...
great for organizing and planning your tasks . also the app is very responsive , even on an older phone . no wait time , no frustration , just add tasks within seconds , right from your phone 's home screen
good app to organise school projects and plans
best reminder app !
best to do app
so good free version !
this is the best to do list . also growing your karma level is fun .
one of the most useful apps on my smartphone
super
it 's good
great
resolveu minha necessidade de organização e produtividade diária . demorei um pouco , mas encontrei um app inteligente e fácil de mexer . não tenho nenhuma queixa sobre a funcionalidade dele ou qualquer outra coisa .
i have been enjoying this app for a good while , over a year now . the recent update moved this app from ok , useful with some mild frustration , to amazing . super pleased with this fix .
works pretty well and it 's intuitive .
intuitive , flexible , and free from nagging ads
lovely app with good ui
love the app , i 've signed up to premium a year ago and i 'm continuing my subscription . i 'm using the getting things done ( gtd ) methodology with this app . a feature idea : allow users to choose when `` today '' ends or when `` tomorrow '' starts . e.g . my day does n't really finish at midnight every day , i consider my day finished when i go to sleep , which sometimes can be at 3-4 am . so i would choose 6 am to be my `` tomorrow '' so those tasks do n't mess up my to do list on nights when i work late .
intuitive and fun
nice app
great app all in all
i tried many apps , but honestly this app is very awesome : OK_hand : .
honest great app to get you to do the things you wan na get done
it really helps you get focused on your priorities and do your job
seems great so far . if you add an option to make the widget clear or transparent i 'll give you money for premium . * edit- they literally added this for me in less than a week
free version has a lot of functionality but i do plan on paying after a few weeks of using it ... just to see if i will use it consistently
best productivity app . very intuitive to use and a must have for power users
good application and very useful .
great to-do list app that handles reminders well , it is perfect for my needs .
excellent app , continuous improvements make app be in the top 1 % of productivity category
still learning . looking good so far . nothing to complain about .
it 's just as good as wunderlist and so much more
tengo la versión gratuita de la aplicación by la verdad es bastante completa . hasta ahora no he tenido la necesidad de suscribirme a premium . muy linda interfaz y una vez aprendes la posibilidad de cosas que puedes hacer , es bastante intuitiva y con muchas opciones .
after i found out wunderlist was going away i look for an app that could do all the things that could do as it was pretty much perfect for me todoist is pretty much as good , not perfect but for free i ca n't complain !
better than trello for personal , everyday gtd .
best app ! : heart_suit :
one of the best to-do apps out there
love this app ! it has really helped improve my productivity !
it 's beautiful i love the premium version thanks : smiling_face_with_open_hands : :two_hearts :
intuitive and easy to pick up
good
this is a great app , it has made my life so much easier . i have tried other apps but this one has to be the best one so far . if you are thinking about getting it you should .
very efficient app , a real time-saver ! and since the last update , a new widget extremely well-made and customizable : you do n't even need to actually open the app !
: thumbs_up :
it is so nice and useful app , thanks a lot developers
excellent update . thanks todoist team . i would suggest customizing the font size on the widget as it seems small .
still my go to for planning on my phone or desktop
this saved me as i journeyed into my career of teaching . so much to do and so little time , this app kept me organised in my new chaotic life !
moved here from wunderlist , after trying other apps . this is so clean and easy to use and does everything i needed and more . my fiance and i can now both keep track of the grocery list ! ( so glad it has the ability to share with others )
perfect app . best app ever i really love it
smooth and easy
great tool and wonderfully convenient app !
love it especially the natural language e.g write every tuesday , friday do ... then it will automatically repeat ... every tuesday , friday .
easy to list things and good reminder !
excellent app for managing your task list .
i 've never been able to stick to using a to do list until now . great interface and features .
best todo app ! love it !
great
very good app , but it would be nice if you add lasting tasks , for an example a task that starts at 14:00 and finishes at 15:00 i hope you understood me : p
very easy to use !
this app ( and google add-on ) is amazing , even the free version . however , the new widget is worse than the old one . one major reason i say that is because the old version allowed overdue tasks to be rescheduled with a single touch . in this new one , so far , you have to go back into the app .
amazing , this is the app i 've needed ! have n't even dived into all the features yet . : raising_hands_light_skin_tone :
excellent service !
literally , i am blessed to know todoist : heart_suit :
the experience is being great ! the app is really useful and beyond expectations
makes more work done in less time .
its a best app for doing every thing
good way to keep in touch with actions - works well with planners .
awesome app !
great for organizing !
love it !
great , better than keep . i sorts out mess in your attic
great replacement for wunderlist .
awesome , increses productivity
awesome
much better than wunderlist
very usefull app for divideing tasks
awesome app ! ! !
makes me more productive
outstanding to-do app .
so far the app has functioned excellently . i have not run into any issues . it 's very simple and straight forward . however , i do recommend you read the user start guide as you 'll find out about not so intuitive functions which make everything not only more seamless but even simpler than before . i would seriously recommend to anyone looking for a todo app , i 've been using the free version and no complaints and no ads . definitely give it a try and you wo n't regret it .
best `` to do '' app i try , very intuitive interface . my day now is completely organized . karma feature is very interesting and motivating . thank you for this amazing app .
very good , has power user features as well like defining properties through text and stuff . have n't tried the collaboration part yet !
great to-do app that does everything you want , also syncs perfectly with planner for elementary os .
absolutely amazing app , the best for to do lists .
ace i love it
solid to-do-list app with very nice features such as karma points and 7-days ahead . the best app in my opinion
love it
quite simply , the best . can not get over how user-friendly todoist is -- the devs clearly designed with * intention * . pre-made templates are a godsend , text markup/emoji integration made me smile , and powerful organizational features made me stay . kudos : raising_hands :
i love this app
awesome ! was using wunderlist , but they are going away . i tried a few others . they are all so similar now . but this one seems like it will be here for the long haul judging by the number of downloads . also , it is as simple as wunderlist . i did have to pay $ 29 and waunderlist was free for the most important functions , so that was different . but after using the app for a week i 'm sold . not a better app out there for my purposes . kiss- keep it simple stupid . and this app does that .
this app is perfect for my personal task management . you can make it as simple or complex as you want . i like how easy it is to quick add tasks , schedule , and how i can integrate with gcal . every idea i have to do anything goes in here . i need reminders for everything ; i even use todoist to remind me to change the sheets : )
the free version is crippled . 3 lists max . seriously ? just use dtg gtd . to do app with free unlimited nested to-do lists with tags and reminders .
even after several updates , the problem persists : despite adding and sceduling tasks , the calender inside the app isnt showing any tasks at all . no tasks visible at all in the in-app calendar view . in the calendar widget however , i can see tasks arranged datewise . honestly , yours is a really nice app with features , but what 's the point to having them if they do n't work in the first place .
for years i use ticktick , i love it so much , i rated it 5 in play store .. but the recent several changes to the app are make the app getting worse and keep getting worse than before . i incredibly sad and disappointed . for years i rely on ticktick as my todolist app , and now i have to find other alternative that can be as good as ticktick that i know before . that 's not an easy thing to do
want to know that is there any feature like wunderlist app , to get notification of comment on all shared members on their app as well as on email .
while using the habbit feature , you can add multiple reminders for drinking water , but if you check done in any one of those reminders then it wont remind for the rest of the day . ruins the logic . uninstalled installed a year later and still the issue exists , the habit feature was a unique point which brought me to the app but i guess i 'll have to use another one .
i am unable to upgrade my account to premium . i 've tried multiple times but to no avail . : /
can not share entire calendar and/or task database with other users . only single daily task shares or individual list collaborations . edit : very solid low 1 star , 0 if i could , since the developer could n't even be bothered to read the entire of two sentences of review , acknowledging what features they did have .
another app that fails to draw events correctly on day view if i have an event from 3:00 to 3:15 and another from 3:15 to 3:30 there should be drawn with a space between them no matter how much i am zoomed in , they are not overlapping events so do n't treat them like they are
you need to pay . it 's uselles without paying . seriously , just 9 list for free ? . if you need more list just add them in wunderlist and then import them to this app . or better , stick with todo from microsoft , it 's free .
downloaded ticktick . thought it seemed cool , so signed in with google account and tried to sign up for monthly subscription . kept getting error messages and it would n't let me start the process or even add a card . waste of time .
very good app but in widget there is a no option in list wise select today tomorrow or all please update for this option then it will be far better please update example if there 's a call list in widget it shows in call widget list all call today tomorrow other all day but it should option to select today tomorrow etc .
very good app that is perfect for how i think , but it kept asking me to rate the app for months now and i 've always pushed later , i 'm sick of it asking me to rate the app
`` sorry you have reached the use limit on subtasks . upgrade now and add up to 199 subtasks per task '' . are you serious guys ? pro version for more subtasks ? why 199 , why not unlimited ?
help ! the widgets are not working . it always shows this message '' failed to display your tasks , please restart app or add a new widget instead ''
i keep adding tasks . its nit showing on widget . very complicated to use .
you block new entry on my existing list and force me to upgrade to premium if i wo n't to continue .
just purchased monthly subscription . until now , my app is not working as a full version .
you get one star because i do n't like being constantly harassed with popups asking me to rate it in an app i am paying for ! stop forcing automatic correction , this is changing what i am typing and changes my formating - make this an option to turn off !
it keeps showing java.lang.runtimeexception : unable to start receiver com.ticktick.task.activity.widget.appwidgetscrollable : java.lang.nullpointerexception : attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean java.lang.boolean.booleanvalue ( ) ' on a null object reference at android.app.activitythread.handlereceiver ( activitythread.java:3421 ) at android.app.activitythread.access $ 1300 ( activitythread.java:200 ) at android.app.activitythread $ h.handlemessage ( activitythread.java:1684 ) at android.os.handler.dis
only 9 lists allowed for the free edition . incredibly expensive by app standards for the pro ( $ 37 per year ) . i do n't mind supporting a good product , but that is ridiculous for a shopping and task list app
despite working fine with the web version of the app , this android version of ticktick throws a validation error on my email address when i try to sign in because ( according to carol , a `` dev '' of the ticktick team with whom i spoke about this on their help forum ) my email address features hyphens . tf ? ! since when are hyphens in address so uncommon that they 're not worth supporting . terrible , imo , ux ( both in app and for customer service ) .
i never give reviews . i believe in if you do n't have anything nice to say , do n't say it . my issue is not with the app itself , its the fact that i have been charge every single month for over a year ! i have reached out to the developer many times and nothing . there is no subscription for me to cancel ... i am really over it with this ! ! !
i agree with other reviewers here : the new notification redesign from v5.3.0 on android 10 is a bad idea and results in a confusing and unhelpful user experience . the new notifications violate google 's material design standards , which google have provided to app developers for a good reason : to provide a consistent user experience across all apps . the new notifications look strange and behave badly compared to standard android notifications . please kindly revert back to the official android notification standards that you used prior to v5.3.0 ! i 've also sent you an email providing more details about this .
the new notifications are atrocious . the do n't follow light or dark theme in android 10 , they do n't work well with wear os , and they turn on my screen when i do n't want them to . i 'm now getting reminder pop-ups when i do n't want any and the option to turn them off is gone . 10/24/2019 - i downgraded to v5.2.3 and got the reminder pop-ups option in settings > notifications back . when i update to 5.3.0 the reminder pop-ups option is replaced with notifications and notification font options .
be aware : if you purchase the paid version and then try to cancel within the 14 days trial . you wo n't be able to . they only reply once a day if you contact them and every time you contact them you have to explain that you want to cancel the service making the days passed by and after a while they just stop replying back . using these shady tactics to make the 14 days goes by so you ca n't cancel after that . this company is a joke !
cancer notifications . i denied the app permissions it asked for one time when trying to change the notification sound . now it is impossible to change or mute the sound , no matter what setting i change inside or outside the app , and whether or not i give the app the permissions it wanted . 4 stars when this is fixed .
has so many bugs it 's keep crashing
max of 9 lists , then you pay 3 bucks a month .
only reviewing so the app stops asking me to do so . even when i do review the app still asks me , 3 stars to 1 .
i cant no longer recommend this , cant sign up on any platform and they servers are located in asia .i wouldnt put any sensitive information on it . they have nothing but server issues . its very fischy
horrible now . was good to start , but now that my subscription expires december 1 , can not even accomplish a simple thing like removing tags from task names . very disappointed .
very annoyed by the new time setting . it 's like going back to android 2.1
no reply to my ticktick premium cancellation mail , since 2 days . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - new update , another day has passed and no reply to mail has been received yet .
why do i need to pay for basic features such as showing your tasks in month view ? it 's a calendar app , those are stuff you need to see ... ca n't believe you need to pay premium for a calendar todo app to show your freaking todos in the calendar
was good , but has recently been persistently bugging me for add ' l permissions including to my google account . uninstalled it .
new update has performance bug very slow in scrolling down and typing update : after last update now i can not type or write anything in task description after markdown features : thumbs_down :
does n't allow you to unsubscribe from premium and the developers do n't even respond whether on email or twitter .
worst app i qm trying to create acount with gmail but it say no internet connection even my internet work fine every thing working nicely even you tube without lagging
markdown causes laggy typing in description and it seems i ca n't disable it .
widget has stopped working and the developer is unresponsive .
plz change the orange color in `` dark '' theme to blue ...
kept crashing , rss feed if my calendar duplication of entries was huge and overall it just added to the noise rather than helping .. i 'm out .. update : no i ca n't send a feedback ( with log ) as i 've already unsubscribed and uninstalled the app .. and that 's surely something you can add into functionality if you 're really interested in gathering the data
update 2/19/2020 : i cant recommend this app to anyone . the smart date parsing only works reliably if you enter it using military time . also the fact that you have to enable alarm mode to have reminders fire on time is ridiculous . i have many apps that push notifications on time and do n't require that . so the developers do n't know how to do reminders correctly . horrible app .
i have used this app for years but there is now a major issue . if you drag a task to tomorrow or place it under a task with a later date the task date no longer changes date . is there any way to revert to an earlier revision ? hi i have sent screenshots but the issue is the same .
want upgraded version even to set the duration . pathetic app .
very expensive premium ...
it 's impossible to use this app . at first , when i choosed pink theme during onboarding , the app ignored my choice . then i filled it with all my tasks for two days , but when i closed it and opened again , the app asked me to sign up with google . all my tasks were gone when i did it ! i ` m deeply disappointed ...
deleted my account because i found something more aligned to my needs , but i still got charged for another year . developer ignored my email and then denied a refund via paypal so i 've now paid $ 28 for something i ca n't and no longer want to use . had no issues with the app itself but very disappointed with the customer service .
requires creating an online account to view the calendar . therefore , there is no reason to use this over google calendar .
seriously ? ? ? just realised you made duration a premium feature . why ? did people just start using it more all of a sudden ? ? ?
i do n't understand why the app has all the languages except the arabic language ?
hides too much behind the subscription . the day views are an example of this . you 'll need to pay each month for the ability to see your data displayed in month , week , 3 day , etc . the app feels broken with all of buttons you can press that nag you to pay monthly for features that should only be paid for once . the features that are n't locked behind the subscription can be found in other to do apps . i tried this app and ended up choosing a different one .
an awesome app . best in field . but expensive at $ 30+ subscription for every single year that you want to use the premium feature and yet zero way to contact developers for support other than a fairly useless `` help guide '' that has every question under the sun except the one that you need answered . i would expect much more from an app that cost $ 30+ each and every year ! ! very poor , and a pity because its fundamentally a great app .
when i set a task for repeat for a specific day of the week , the app still does n't repeat the task . i have to set everything manually
no way to integrate with google assistant on a pixel . it 's great app by itself , but unless developers figure out a way to make this happen , this gets one star . at the moment todoist has a work around , but ultimately , im just looking for something that allows me to get thoughts into a task list without needing to search for my phone and get into the app . sorry devs .
i created a task for picking up groceries and set it to a specific day . why in the world would the default setting in this app be to override my * do not disturb * setting and ring+vibrate at 5 o'clock in the morning on that day . even though i like the apps functionality i would never recommend it to anyone with these default settings .
the app is a great app but customer service is terrible ! ! ! i paid for premium service but my app still runs as the basic plan and i 've emailed them multiple times and they finally fixed it but once again this month after i was charged again for subscription the app went back to basic plan vs premium . i 've emailed them twice and still no response ! ! !
does not sync with google task list unless you pay 2.99/month or their annual rate . quite disappointed since their beautiful platform does not meet minimum sync options of google task lists . i only found out that u had to purchase a task sync option after i connected to my gmail account . not cool at all b/c it felt like a misleading bait and switch and now solicitor that i have to block because i synced my email to attempt what it said that it was able to do . sorry tick tick but : prohibited : :no_entry : :thumbs_down : :woman_dancing : :dashing_away :
are you kidding me . i down load a `` planner/callander app . i go set it all up and link it and try to see the month so i know it 's all right my it says i have to upgrade and pay for a month calender view . ok ... annoying but i try 1 week . same thing . got ta pay . calandar app with only 2 views for oveall use . please do n't say it 's a free app or at least explain , can see all these cool features , i 'll even let you go through and set up but you have to pay for all the feature
came back to see if i can use the app since i do like it , it 's a great idea . i 'm my case : i need to be able to add calendar events , reminders in one app 100 % essential and afaik this is n't supported ? i have a shared gcal , a personal and another work one and all of them needs to not only show up for me to organize life itself . they also need to be managed in the app i use for reminders etc for this to do what it needs for me . not just reminders , calendar events needs add , edit . back to any.do
`` hey , want most of the features of our app ? then you 'd better pay us $ 30 a year ! '' -this app response : * laughingly uninstalls and writes this review so i never mistakenly download this again * just greedy ! `` but our on-going server costs ! '' i do n't need cross-platform sync , and that 's not an excuse to hold basic features like notifications and start-of-day planning hostage . consider a 1-time unlock for all non-server featues and we can talk .
absolutely terrible . i have a 30 something list of daily tasks to keep track of that are set to repeat . it was very tedious & time consuming to set up with in the first place , but after several days at random points some items would not renew . not all at once and no discernible pattern as to the tasks it stopped renewing . they show that they are still supposed to repeat daily and they were last checked off several days ago , and will not show up on the list for today . 0/5 stars
was loving this app originally , did everything i wanted . calendar , reminders , lists , habits . easy to use ..... until latest android upgrade , no longer receiving any reminders . disappointed , tried everything and the app just does n't work . will unfortunately be cancelling my subscription .
wint really allow you to use it or even save tasks , ( which disappear ) . you just get bombarded with limitations and stop slgns if you try to use features while having `` upgrade to `` premium '' ads '' shoved down your throat . i do n't even know if this app works or not ... that 's how `` limited `` it is .
the recent ui changes are not intuitive . and the snooze options still suck . why ca n't we have a simple 3-digit numerical entry field , plus a period selector with minutes , hours , days , months , etc. ? the life reminders ( lr ) app has much better snooze options , and time/date entry options .
[ happening for the second time in a row ... ] it 's an amazing app , but when i need the most my premium account was deactivated even with the automatic renew . i paid for that and it 's not working ... so upset ! ! ! !
no pomo time more than 1hr . no whitelist available . no feature for tracking task progress . also add the feature to quit bad habits .
great app but with a poor 12hr sync to google calendar ( with no response from the developer in over a year , after an immediate response ) . if they cant see this is a problem , that is a problem .
it was pretty hard to set up a task . i wanted to set a task that would happen tommorow , but i couldnt do it because it was 1 in the morning ? ? it also was very challenging to set up tasks in general . i could n't for instance make a task that repeated and set the time of the task . it was also very hard to customize . i usually learn how to use apps very easily . it 's like they went out of their way to make it as hard as possible . do n't waster your time with this .
i used to love this app and have used it for a while but now nothing is synving between my devices ... samsung galaxy s8 and mac ... nothing at all ! no matter how many times i reset and reinstall . i 've tried for an hour .
still can not share a single task with someone on ticktick . you can only share a whole list . this is ridiculous , especially since the developers have promised it since 2013 ... i need this feature
even though it had repeated reminder option , it does not repeat daily appropriately , sometimes reminding daily command will vanish . i turned off `` draw over other apps '' , still keeps drawing over other apps .
i 'd rather have continous ads than a payed time subscription . honestly the subscription seems pretty shady for somethng you can easily do yourself ... $ 3.69 for a month subscription and $ 36 bucks for a yearly subscription ? seriously ? why not just pay a premium one-time payment costing $ 10 ? pathetic .
a reminder app that does not remind . set several reminders and none alerted when the time is due . previous versions worked great until lately ( new version 5.0 ? ) i 've tried locking the apps , turn off battery optimization etc ... nothing worked .
terribly unethical company ! they bought the old task management system i was using , gtask , which i 'd bought i lifetime subscription for , then they took away the automatic sync feature making it useless and told me to download the premium tick tick version of the app never telling me that in doing so it would automatically opt me into a premium $ 3 a month subscription just to get the features i 'd already bought . how google allows this type of predatory behavior is beyond me .
please remove the facebook tracking code for facebook places and facebook analytics . this is a serious privacy flaw exposing users locations , app usage , and other personal information to a notorious international privacy abuser .
another update but the stats section is still totally useless and buggy . week starts with sunday even i changed to monday . on a sunday the stats resets and stays empty for the whole day . to update the progress % i have to exit and enter the app several times .
lists do n't sync between phones and laptops as advertised , and their customer service is absolutely awful . i have been emailing with them all week and they are still refusing to cancel my subscription before it renews and ignoring my legal requests for all data they hold on me to be deleted .
every tiny feature of this app requires an 'upgrade ' . if you 're planning to use a free version of this app , do n't bother . the developers are hands down , the most money-hungry developers i 've ever seen .
each time i check a task in its widget , it crashes and does n't show any thing without any response to the other buttons . i was happy to find this app but ca n't use it because of the infinity crashes . : (
this trash barely works ; all functionality is hidden behind obscure icons all your time is spent guessing where any one function might be . you ca n't control how to manage repeating events and things magically disappear when you least expect that .
really no callender view without premium ? like really bro other apps do that for free so i think i 'll just use one of those apps instead , i 'd get it if it was a one time purchase like a dlc in a video game but a 2,99€ monthly subscription ? that 's just ludicrous
why cant i set monthly habits : ( also habits should repeat x days/weeks/months after completion . you should not define which weekdays for example , you should just say x days after last completion . that is how people use habits in real life !
it wo n't sync tasks with google so what is the purpose ? and customer support is helpless ! no one knows how to communicate about the problem and they make the issue worse instead of fixing it . wish i could give it 0 stars .
why tick tick for windows is available for 15 days ... we can use free version of tick tick on android , but on windows there is time period . you should allow to use free version of tick tick on windows also without 15 days trial . really bad experience with tick tick .. : smirking_face :
i like the app overall , but ca n't stand the monthly subscription . there should be one time payment to access useful features .
add the feature to quit bad habits and to track progress of tasks .
my desktop task and mobile app task does n't sync even tho i am using same account ( google ) and i am on the premium . please fix this issue as i may have to return to todoist if this issue persist longer
the good : simplistic ui , one may or may not like this . the bad : google+ authentication is buggy , had to it thrice . the ugly : does n't allow one to export/import data .
the app has a very bad support service . pretty good application , however if you encounter a problem then the support will fix it very long .
i had set an alarm of certain task which is suppose to repeat all the week days but it had notified me only once or twice and it had not been repeated . all the settings were perfect it was active even but does not does it work for you all it is not recommended
i personally like this structure but unfortunately it 's on accessible and it does n't work with talkback well so blind people ca n't use this app it does n't read different sections and different buttons please improve your accessibility
no notification or stick to notification n alert n all features not working after a day ! ... in my previous review you replied to try that feature i already did that ... my android version is 9 asus zenfone max pro m1 plz fix this error
using the free app ... but disappointed that i can only integrate one week of my calendar . i use another free app tha allows me to integrate my full calendar and allows me to color code the entire app .
the app is ok cancellation is very awkward . if you make it difficult to cancel a premium account it puts me off your company and your product .
cant add widget to home screen . configured the app , added task list and tried to drag the widget to home , shows up nagging popup to select theme etc . does nothing even after configuring the app . wo n't recommend it .
they claimed they would give me my money back , but did n't so i had to go through my bank . i 'm talking about $ 2.99 . it 's not a free app to get full functionality , so you end up paying extra . it 's not useful for my purposes at all . i was hoping it would sync with google contacts . the alarm is way too loud , and i do n't understand how to use it . they deliberately give you the runaround , acting as if they 're going to pay you back but they do n't .
scam ( ? ) i and my friends subcribed this apps to try collaboration . but in faq there it is but actually we didnt find anything with `` collaboration '' thing . why is it ? please fix this serious problem
um you need to pay for the duration of the task ? no thanks i will just find a new app
app freezes every time i add a task , when i close and reopen the app the new task is there like nothing went wrong ...
i am unable to upgrade my account to premium . i 've tried multiple times but to no avail . : /
kept crashing , rss feed if my calendar duplication of entries was huge and overall it just added to the noise rather than helping .. i 'm out .. update : no i ca n't send a feedback ( with log ) as i 've already unsubscribed and uninstalled the app .. and that 's surely something you can add into functionality if you 're really interested in gathering the data
pesters me to rate the app . here you go .
want to know that is there any feature like wunderlist app , to get notification of comment on all shared members on their app as well as on email .
max of 9 lists , then you pay 3 bucks a month .
pesters me to rate it , immediately one star .
requires creating an online account to view the calendar . therefore , there is no reason to use this over google calendar .
the free version is crippled . 3 lists max . seriously ? just use dtg gtd . to do app with free unlimited nested to-do lists with tags and reminders .
very good app that is perfect for how i think , but it kept asking me to rate the app for months now and i 've always pushed later , i 'm sick of it asking me to rate the app
often freezing and crashing when i wan na add photos to task , help or give my my money back ! ! ! no support response tasks in calendar , easy prioritization , only usefull app in shop
help ! the widgets are not working . it always shows this message '' failed to display your tasks , please restart app or add a new widget instead ''
has so many bugs it 's keep crashing
even after several updates , the problem persists : despite adding and sceduling tasks , the calender inside the app isnt showing any tasks at all . no tasks visible at all in the in-app calendar view . in the calendar widget however , i can see tasks arranged datewise . honestly , yours is a really nice app with features , but what 's the point to having them if they do n't work in the first place .
nothing is free , very bad
another app that fails to draw events correctly on day view if i have an event from 3:00 to 3:15 and another from 3:15 to 3:30 there should be drawn with a space between them no matter how much i am zoomed in , they are not overlapping events so do n't treat them like they are
while using the habbit feature , you can add multiple reminders for drinking water , but if you check done in any one of those reminders then it wont remind for the rest of the day . ruins the logic . uninstalled installed a year later and still the issue exists , the habit feature was a unique point which brought me to the app but i guess i 'll have to use another one .
plz change the orange color in `` dark '' theme to blue ...
you get one star because i do n't like being constantly harassed with popups asking me to rate it in an app i am paying for ! stop forcing automatic correction , this is changing what i am typing and changes my formating - make this an option to turn off !
update 2/19/2020 : i cant recommend this app to anyone . the smart date parsing only works reliably if you enter it using military time . also the fact that you have to enable alarm mode to have reminders fire on time is ridiculous . i have many apps that push notifications on time and do n't require that . so the developers do n't know how to do reminders correctly . horrible app .
downloaded ticktick . thought it seemed cool , so signed in with google account and tried to sign up for monthly subscription . kept getting error messages and it would n't let me start the process or even add a card . waste of time .
just purchased monthly subscription . until now , my app is not working as a full version .
one of the worst app ... if someone believes in this app .. for sure they are going to miss that appointment ..
`` sorry you have reached the use limit on subtasks . upgrade now and add up to 199 subtasks per task '' . are you serious guys ? pro version for more subtasks ? why 199 , why not unlimited ?
very good app but in widget there is a no option in list wise select today tomorrow or all please update for this option then it will be far better please update example if there 's a call list in widget it shows in call widget list all call today tomorrow other all day but it should option to select today tomorrow etc .
free version only allows 9 lists . lame
cant even understand how to use it .. didnt like at all
can not share entire calendar and/or task database with other users . only single daily task shares or individual list collaborations . edit : very solid low 1 star , 0 if i could , since the developer could n't even be bothered to read the entire of two sentences of review , acknowledging what features they did have .
you block new entry on my existing list and force me to upgrade to premium if i wo n't to continue .
no subtasks
only reviewing so the app stops asking me to do so . even when i do review the app still asks me , 3 stars to 1 .
i keep adding tasks . its nit showing on widget . very complicated to use .
not good app all u need buy and clock facility not given
i have used this app for years but there is now a major issue . if you drag a task to tomorrow or place it under a task with a later date the task date no longer changes date . is there any way to revert to an earlier revision ? hi i have sent screenshots but the issue is the same .
for years i use ticktick , i love it so much , i rated it 5 in play store .. but the recent several changes to the app are make the app getting worse and keep getting worse than before . i incredibly sad and disappointed . for years i rely on ticktick as my todolist app , and now i have to find other alternative that can be as good as ticktick that i know before . that 's not an easy thing to do
you need to pay . it 's uselles without paying . seriously , just 9 list for free ? . if you need more list just add them in wunderlist and then import them to this app . or better , stick with todo from microsoft , it 's free .
it keeps showing java.lang.runtimeexception : unable to start receiver com.ticktick.task.activity.widget.appwidgetscrollable : java.lang.nullpointerexception : attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean java.lang.boolean.booleanvalue ( ) ' on a null object reference at android.app.activitythread.handlereceiver ( activitythread.java:3421 ) at android.app.activitythread.access $ 1300 ( activitythread.java:200 ) at android.app.activitythread $ h.handlemessage ( activitythread.java:1684 ) at android.os.handler.dis
only 9 lists allowed for the free edition . incredibly expensive by app standards for the pro ( $ 37 per year ) . i do n't mind supporting a good product , but that is ridiculous for a shopping and task list app
very expensive premium ...
apps that cost should be required to disclose how much these cost up front so people can decide if they even want to download it . we should n't have to hunt for the cost .
ca n't assign to multiple people . verry bad ! ! !
i have been a big fan of todoist for years . i tried this last week and the themes are awful .
very annoyed by the new time setting . it 's like going back to android 2.1
the reminders do not work .
why do i need to pay for basic features such as showing your tasks in month view ? it 's a calendar app , those are stuff you need to see ... ca n't believe you need to pay premium for a calendar todo app to show your freaking todos in the calendar
widget has stopped working and the developer is unresponsive .
seriously ? ? ? just realised you made duration a premium feature . why ? did people just start using it more all of a sudden ? ? ?
new update has performance bug very slow in scrolling down and typing update : after last update now i can not type or write anything in task description after markdown features : thumbs_down :
i cant no longer recommend this , cant sign up on any platform and they servers are located in asia .i wouldnt put any sensitive information on it . they have nothing but server issues . its very fischy
update : noticed this app sending data to facebook when i set up my firewall . no bueno .
worst app i qm trying to create acount with gmail but it say no internet connection even my internet work fine every thing working nicely even you tube without lagging
does n't allow you to unsubscribe from premium and the developers do n't even respond whether on email or twitter .
awesome
it 's impossible to use this app . at first , when i choosed pink theme during onboarding , the app ignored my choice . then i filled it with all my tasks for two days , but when i closed it and opened again , the app asked me to sign up with google . all my tasks were gone when i did it ! i ` m deeply disappointed ...
deleted my account because i found something more aligned to my needs , but i still got charged for another year . developer ignored my email and then denied a refund via paypal so i 've now paid $ 28 for something i ca n't and no longer want to use . had no issues with the app itself but very disappointed with the customer service .
cancer notifications . i denied the app permissions it asked for one time when trying to change the notification sound . now it is impossible to change or mute the sound , no matter what setting i change inside or outside the app , and whether or not i give the app the permissions it wanted . 4 stars when this is fixed .
markdown causes laggy typing in description and it seems i ca n't disable it .
want upgraded version even to set the duration . pathetic app .
was good , but has recently been persistently bugging me for add ' l permissions including to my google account . uninstalled it .
um you need to pay for the duration of the task ? no thanks i will just find a new app
horrible now . was good to start , but now that my subscription expires december 1 , can not even accomplish a simple thing like removing tags from task names . very disappointed .
i do n't understand why the app has all the languages except the arabic language ?
no reply to my ticktick premium cancellation mail , since 2 days . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - new update , another day has passed and no reply to mail has been received yet .
wastage of time
no pomo time more than 1hr . no whitelist available . no feature for tracking task progress . also add the feature to quit bad habits .
add the feature to quit bad habits and to track progress of tasks .
i want to delete ! ! does n't works developers . not able to delete my account
despite working fine with the web version of the app , this android version of ticktick throws a validation error on my email address when i try to sign in because ( according to carol , a `` dev '' of the ticktick team with whom i spoke about this on their help forum ) my email address features hyphens . tf ? ! since when are hyphens in address so uncommon that they 're not worth supporting . terrible , imo , ux ( both in app and for customer service ) .
used this app ages ago , loved it , got it back again last week but now i hate this app because it no longer works with my samsung gear fit2 pro . deleting .... for good ... not happy
be aware : if you purchase the paid version and then try to cancel within the 14 days trial . you wo n't be able to . they only reply once a day if you contact them and every time you contact them you have to explain that you want to cancel the service making the days passed by and after a while they just stop replying back . using these shady tactics to make the 14 days goes by so you ca n't cancel after that . this company is a joke !
notifications werent appearing constantly . waste of time .
the new notifications are atrocious . the do n't follow light or dark theme in android 10 , they do n't work well with wear os , and they turn on my screen when i do n't want them to . i 'm now getting reminder pop-ups when i do n't want any and the option to turn them off is gone . 10/24/2019 - i downgraded to v5.2.3 and got the reminder pop-ups option in settings > notifications back . when i update to 5.3.0 the reminder pop-ups option is replaced with notifications and notification font options .
loved this app until my reminders no longer pop up on my screen . in other words , i 'm not being reminded which is the whole point of the app . really disappointing after enjoying it for a couple of years . hope it gets fixed , but currently looking for a different app that works .
i agree with other reviewers here : the new notification redesign from v5.3.0 on android 10 is a bad idea and results in a confusing and unhelpful user experience . the new notifications violate google 's material design standards , which google have provided to app developers for a good reason : to provide a consistent user experience across all apps . the new notifications look strange and behave badly compared to standard android notifications . please kindly revert back to the official android notification standards that you used prior to v5.3.0 ! i 've also sent you an email providing more details about this .
i never give reviews . i believe in if you do n't have anything nice to say , do n't say it . my issue is not with the app itself , its the fact that i have been charge every single month for over a year ! i have reached out to the developer many times and nothing . there is no subscription for me to cancel ... i am really over it with this ! ! !
app not downloading on my oneplus7 pro tried to restart my phone even then ...
be aware of irrecoverable deletions ! worked fine until i accidentally erased some important data i had been gathering for a few years . guess what , there is no undo ! ! ! no way to recover anything . had i known that , i 'd never use this pos . ticktick , if you want to have cool and modern features like google , auto save in particular , you must back it up with a fricken version control feature ! otherwise just go back 100 years to `` are you sure you want to save/delete ? '' confirmation dialogues .
could n't import gtasks lists beyond initial install . did n't receive any support . does n't show in google calandar
when i set a task for repeat for a specific day of the week , the app still does n't repeat the task . i have to set everything manually
please remove the facebook tracking code for facebook places and facebook analytics . this is a serious privacy flaw exposing users locations , app usage , and other personal information to a notorious international privacy abuser .
garbage makes no sense
came back to see if i can use the app since i do like it , it 's a great idea . i 'm my case : i need to be able to add calendar events , reminders in one app 100 % essential and afaik this is n't supported ? i have a shared gcal , a personal and another work one and all of them needs to not only show up for me to organize life itself . they also need to be managed in the app i use for reminders etc for this to do what it needs for me . not just reminders , calendar events needs add , edit . back to any.do
after latest update notifications not going away after pressing +1cup .
can not cancel my membership
still can not share a single task with someone on ticktick . you can only share a whole list . this is ridiculous , especially since the developers have promised it since 2013 ... i need this feature
ca n't even add my list straight to the calendar . wants me to rewrite everything which is annoying asf . stupid app
notifications are not working after upgrading to android 10 ...
why tick tick for windows is available for 15 days ... we can use free version of tick tick on android , but on windows there is time period . you should allow to use free version of tick tick on windows also without 15 days trial . really bad experience with tick tick .. : smirking_face :
non sense
does not sync with google task list unless you pay 2.99/month or their annual rate . quite disappointed since their beautiful platform does not meet minimum sync options of google task lists . i only found out that u had to purchase a task sync option after i connected to my gmail account . not cool at all b/c it felt like a misleading bait and switch and now solicitor that i have to block because i synced my email to attempt what it said that it was able to do . sorry tick tick but : prohibited : :no_entry : :thumbs_down : :woman_dancing : :dashing_away :
the recent ui changes are not intuitive . and the snooze options still suck . why ca n't we have a simple 3-digit numerical entry field , plus a period selector with minutes , hours , days , months , etc. ? the life reminders ( lr ) app has much better snooze options , and time/date entry options .
very bad app and not useful ...
no notification or stick to notification n alert n all features not working after a day ! ... in my previous review you replied to try that feature i already did that ... my android version is 9 asus zenfone max pro m1 plz fix this error
bekar
the app is ok cancellation is very awkward . if you make it difficult to cancel a premium account it puts me off your company and your product .
another update but the stats section is still totally useless and buggy . week starts with sunday even i changed to monday . on a sunday the stats resets and stays empty for the whole day . to update the progress % i have to exit and enter the app several times .
i deleted the app but it is still charging my paypal account . no one is responding to my messages at customer service . please stop charging my account .
waste of time .
rubbish app , does n't sound on time : angry_face :
i used to love this app and have used it for a while but now nothing is synving between my devices ... samsung galaxy s8 and mac ... nothing at all ! no matter how many times i reset and reinstall . i 've tried for an hour .
my desktop task and mobile app task does n't sync even tho i am using same account ( google ) and i am on the premium . please fix this issue as i may have to return to todoist if this issue persist longer
as a user of gtasks ( owned by ticktick ) , how do i fully synchronise my data with the cloud ( preferably google but will make do with the ticktick servers ) . i pay for this service but only 40 % of my tasks are backed up on ticktick server/cloud . any and all advice much appreciated . kind regards john collington
the program is very good on my old phone ( galaxy note 4 ) , but notifications do n't work on the new one ( redmi note 8 pro ) . i hope you will fix them . thanks
having issues with syncing with google calendar . i added a task on ticktick and it 's been over 12 hours and it still has not sync up to my google calendar . i 've tried refreshing but nothing showed up . i 've looked at the help forum and many people have the same issue for some time now . i just purchased the pro and it 's not worth it if it does n't sync .
very hard to use . can not get a list of task to do , until do date
this has the beginnings of a great app , but lots more work still needs to be done .
the app slider for the font from normal to large is not working . it is only giving two options : normal and large . the slider does n't slide across and let you set your own font size .
tasks that i change dates does not move to the new date assigned . i 'm dismayed because i am a premium member . moreover , it does n't have a 1 week or 7 day folder . apart from the calendar , i also want to see a 7 day list or folder ...
i found developers lie about free features . i just turned into day view , i asked to login and then i asked to upgrade ! in description this option and several other options mentioned as free .
lacks option to automatically skip all missed recurrences on recurring tasks . manual skipping of missed recurrences is not a powerful enough solution
good but the paid version did not work as i wanted to use it more so i was disappointed
works well but free version only gives you three total lists
add a feature that let 's me tick tasks off from the widget . either than that i love the app
ca n't post to my google calendar or any other subscribed calendars . disappointed because this app has promise .
has been one of the best reminder app available for a long time . this most recent update messed up notifications on android 10. they do n't follow the system dark mode at all , instead you have to manually change it in the app or deal with mismatched colors . it looks ridiculous seeing a white notification background amidst other black backgrounds in dark mode . it also looks like the black is not a true black like other apps . if this is n't fixed soon , i 'll be looking for a new reminder app .
i really like this app , it 's one of the best reminder apps there is . however the new custom notifications are horrible ! it sticks out like a sore thumb . you have to manually set between white or black background , which means that they do n't automatically switch with android 10 dark mode . they 're also not black , but grey which makes them look ugly next to other notifications . title and time also do n't line up with other notifications . plus it says `` a min . ago '' , which is only accurate if i look at my phone immediately . and it turns on the screen when the notification comes in , even if it 's in my pocket . this is a great app , but the recent update is one of those 'if it ai n't broken do n't fix it ' moments . i really hope you consider going back to standard android notifications , or at least provide an option between custom or standard . i 'll gladly update my review to 5 stars if that happens .
i downloaded and paid for this app several days ago . it has some good aspects . but now i literally hate some other aspects of it ! for example , if you set a specific time for a specific time ( e.g . 1-3 pm ) , it disapears without giving you a chance to do anything with it . so , if you did n't finish that task , you are out of luck if you want to move it to somewhere else ! how ridiculous it is ! i 'm really scared . i ca n't trust this tool . i have to switch to something else and cut my losses .
the new notifications are useless to me . i always keep my phone on vibrate , and the old normal android notification would vibrate my phone and notify me on my watch too . but now the new notification pops up silently and is very easy to miss . and i 've tried changing the settings and nothing works . i really do n't understand why not use android 's build-in notifications instead of this new thing or why is there no option to turn it off ?
disappointing ... i have been happily using this application for years now , but the last few updates appear to have caused more problems than they fixed . one example : when you create an event that 's further away than a month , the app will at all times change the date and time to incorrect ones . it has done this each time for me over the last months , changing the dates and times for no reason ; you can imagine this is a deal-breaker for a planning app ...
i love the feature where you can type the timing in the name of the task . this app has great features but one thing doesnt seem to work . its the reminders . i 'm neverrrrr of my tasks . i never get the notifications . i tried everything that was wriiten in the `` reminders not working ? '' but it still has not been fixed . could u please look into it asap
had been very good . but now any reminder that is not completed by the end of the day gets marked as complete inatead of showing up as overdue . on repeating tasks , sometimes marking today 's as done will also mark 1 , 2 , or even 3 days into the future as done , with no pattern behind the glitch . has become very cumbersome to use and has resulted in many tasks getting missed .
i love ticktick and have returned after trying a few other task apps . the problem is that it 's all a it buggy . emails sent to be added as tasks dissappear if sent automatically through gmail , and my online web based tasks are different to those on the app . maybe time to look again at other apps ... : thinking_face : @ ticktick who should i email ? i 'm also totally fed up as it no longer works with google assistant : crying_face : .
after update , i could n't log in to my google account , the button allow was n't working . after applying the workaround and setting an email in web-version , my app on the phone requested permissions to my contacts . i allowed it , the pop-up in the app did not disappear . after pressing 'ok ' several times , it went away . however , now the app does n't fetch the information from the cloud . i wanted to buy pro , not anymore . you ca n't fix the bug with google account for several months now . embarrassing .
i do n't know why they changed it , but i hate the fact that you ca n't type in the time anymore . you have to scroll , like you 're on wheel of fortune or something . that is the biggest pain in the behind ever invented ! ! ! i do n't mind it if there 's a option , but this does n't appear to give you a choice anymore . please change it back .
when u want to add check list this will help you out . instead of writing some where , u can add them out here . but in the case u want to develop it as a habit , then u have to changes the setting and activate habits mode ... even in that u can create only 5 habits . if u want to create more than 5 habits , u will be asked to update to premium version only 5 habits thats funny , if its atleast 10 then okay ...
c'mon . to have more than 10 lists i 've to pay ! ? nope ... that 's not gon na happen
best to do list app except the new notifications have gone haywire . they only pop up at bottom of screen and then disappear if i open any other app . old standard android notifications would remain in pull down notification drawer until i dealt with it - far superior . please bring that back .
you asked me to pay premium version but instant google calendar sync still does n't work , needs few hours for tasks to sync . this been an issue for years already and you ignore pleas from users . on the other hand the gtasks app you have works really great .
easy to use and understand . i have an issue with the reminder settings , if i set a time reminder , then it drains my battery . so i am not able to use this function . otherwise i am happy .
now when i get a reminder it wakes up the screen to display the notification . there 's no way to change this . edit : reminder pop-ups is already switch off .
this is very good app but the monthly cost or yearly cost are not worth it for me . i found a free app that does tbe same things .
getting annoying , reminder keep jumping out although the task is set one month later . start looking for alternatives
reminder is not working in realme phone . i did all the settings in my phone and app settings but still not working .
keep getting a pop up `` re-authorisation failed '' even though my google account is already authorised on my account
£3 a month to use most of the app ... na . features are nice , but disappointed i ca n't just buy the app .
please fix the widget . it keeps failing to display tasks and asks to restart all the time
from all possible options i 've tried out , this has most awkward and unintuitive interface .
i would 've switched to ticktick but there is no option to change to a 12 hour setting from a 24 hour . : pensive_face :
perfect app , except for 12-hour sync with google calendar
quick add got fixed . now the sync is broken .
-when editing or deleting a recurring task it should ask if you 're doing it just for this task or all recurring tasks , instead of deleting and editing all tasks without asking . 2- when creating a recurring task i should be able to time it on different times for each reccuring day , instead of having to create the same reccuring task for each seperate day
i liked the app notifications when they worked , got ta pay 2.99 a month ? crazy .... mbe a year ? not a month for a calendar app . most widget features wont work unless u pay , never got to see if they even were worth 299 a month .... i like the popup reminders , hopefully someome will make a free one .
loved ticktick - great interface and the widget was perfect . unfortunately i had to move on to todoist . ticktick does n't have alexa capabilities and that 's a deal breaker . for a while , ifttt and gmail provided a good workaround , but recent changes to gmail rendered that functionality inoperable . ticktick , get on board with alexa and i 'll come back .
app works pretty well , but if they want me to list out all events and plans in my life , their privacy policy needs to get stronger and be better defined . `` we collect your data ; here 's a vague description of what . we keep it as long as we 've decided we need to ; and we wo n't tell you how long that is . we also completely change this policy in a way that we 're break the policy you may have originally agreed to , but it 's your responsibility as the user to make sure we do n't break our end of the deal . do n't like this ? delete the app '' .. basically the privacy policy . not exactly trust encouraging . fix this in a privacy friendly way and i 'll change my review
honestly the premium version is just not worth it , what 's the point of having advanced calendar views and event setup and calendar import if , in every case , you ca n't see future recurring events ? ( the next event in the list of recurring appears only if you have ticked off the previous instance ) in order to use a calendar efficiently for planning you ought to see what events are next , this hindrance has been made present by the users as far as 2015 ( as i 'm seeing online ) and nothing has been done , that not only shows poor hindsight ( what 's a calendar without planning ) but also a strikingly deaf customer service . the app is probably just as good as its free version , the pomodoro timer is ok , but the extra features are just not worth the expense for the premium version .
this was a great list app . then something happened and i stopped getting notifications . i checked the app and it said i needed to allow permissions due to android 6.0. i 've been on android 7.0+ since i started using the app , but regardless , i checked and permissions were set and allowed the app to provide notifications . still didnt work . i 've tried resetting the phone , resetting permissions ... nothing works . now i 'll try uninstalling it and using something else .
the app is good but the differences between the premium and free version are n't mentioned at the beginning . it is also not possible to start using the app without the `` free trial period '' as far as i have seen . after the forced free trial period i now realize that the sync function which enables you to use pc and and . app simultaneously is indeed a premium function . this seems awful lot like the way evernote took , i want to buy my apps because i appreciate the work , not because i 'm forced into .
another crappy todo list app i have to delete . i dont understand , all i want is a simple to do list ! ! ! i keep trying to add an item , and it automatically goes into my `` inbox '' - whatever that means . i went to the `` help center '' to find a solution , but a long list of topics that isnt searchable is completely useless ! ! !
i think this app is the best option for a to do list except that the sync is terrible . i just paid for premium and the app will not sync . during the trial the sync between android app and pc app was also very bad . if they could get the connection/sync issues fixed it would be a great app . if i ca n't access the premium features i paid for in the next few hours i 'm going to be requesting a refund ...
i just installed this app on my droid today . when setting up my account i signed in using my gmail account . however , i am unable to do that on my laptop . i get an error message when i input the gmail address and password . i was looking for a replacement for google 's inbox . i would like something that is accessible on both my phone and my laptop . i guess i need to keep looking .
the interface is ok. but ticktick does * not * sync with google tasks . ( you can import google tasks , but no tasks added in ticktick app will appear on google calendar . ) if a task list does n't integrate with google tasks , if i am limited to using the standalone app and * can not * see tasks on other devices / computers , then the task mgmt . app is n't really good for anything .
when you use the pomo timer , it automatically starts counting down when you hit what task you want yo be working on . there is no longer an icon where you can choose your white noise before starting the pomo and no way to pause the pomo once it starts so you can select your white noise . i would like to be able to select the task i 'm working on , select what white noise i want , and then start the pomo ; not everything automatically start .
not too good for android ! i have the app in my two different type of phones and subscribed for the premium one month in my android and found out that that version does n't have all the features described as for example impossible to find or use the sub task feature , create or editing folders , etc . etc . very disappointed about that , because the app concept seems to me very good . : (
in general i really like this app but every time it does an update or my phone restarts , i have to go to redo the battery optimization settings because otherwise i do n't receive notifications . this is just ridiculous that it does n't save my settings ! 3 months later and still have the same problem ...
could not get any realtime notification at all . enabled all notifications , android6.0 or higher option , disabled battery optimization and other security settings . the only time i get the notification is when i manually open the app itself , but then it has already been past the time set .
glitches galore ! currently am unable to see certain options at all , as they are blacked out . tried deleting & re-installing , resetting phone , & changing the theme to different colors . it 's a shame because this is my favorite to-do app & was just thinking about biting the bullet & upgrading . : ( if fixed , will definitely reconsider .
not backup in device offline ? ?
serviceable but not awesome by any means . i 've spent enough time trying to set up tasks in here that i feel like i ca n't bail even though i do n't love it . it 's really tricky to figure out how to make tasks show up like i want and have only been able to really get things set up right by using the website in addition to the app . nothing is intuitive or easy to figure out in this app .
not good . no option to edit tasks ( or correct spellings ) once entered . setting time and date not intuitive . too many steps to make a single entry . many other drawbacks . not recommended .
when i share my task on whatsapp even though i selected share title and content it only shares title version : 5.2.2 & if i share my task in the form of image the task with long name the end of the name gets replaced with ... instead of showing the remaining heading on new line
useful . but constantly calls out to access crashlytics , facebook , etc . too much spyware . i 'm searching to replace it . app also locks you in so you can not export to another app .
app seems ok. but they want you to pay a monthly fee just to use a basic calendar . it let 's you view the current week . anything else and you have to pay . so many free ones out there to choose from . uninstalling .
the basic app is fine . not great , but fine . however the premium is far too pricey . £27 a year for the ability to set a duration on tasks ? that 's crazy .
i love this app but recently it has been freezing every time i add a new task . it 's updated and i even reinstalled it yet it is still happening .
great app for your phone but if you need smartwatch functionality , look to any.do rather than this app . in dialogues with the devs , theyve stated they have no intentions of integrating even simple wearos apps ( like add task from watch ) . uninstalled
the features that were used to convince me to install all require premium access . will not buy something with so little real use testing .
the check boxes could be bigger and other such things could be made clearer .. also an option to see all the items in individual folder from the 4 * 3 weekly widget .
it was good for a few days , but now it 's not loading on my browser at all ( gateway timeout ) , and changes i made on my ipad are not syncing to my phone . not useful if nothing works .
the app is a little confusing in the way it works and it is a little ridiculous to pay $ 3 a month just to see a calendar .
task management is terrible . it will kill the apps running to draw over the screen . frequently my camera shuts off because tick tick notification .
there 's a bug with the planning view , you ca n't see the title of the event . other than that the app runs okay .
fix the lag on moving events on the day display and i 'll subscribe again . ux is clunky get a second opinion
non-functional with google account . was great , but ca n't use right now .
great app but isnt optimized for google pixel 3xl . i cant re-size the widget to match the size of the screen .
the application is very nive but cant take the complete use of it because of the premium option , and the amount also is high
i love this app but it reads my texts . i left one in draft and it suggested it as a todo item . i could n't find any way to get it to keep is `` eyes '' to itself . not about it .
loved this app until it stopped syncing ... my android app and web app have been out of sync for over 2 weeks
i 'm facing a problem that is reminders are not working properly ( device lenovo k3 note android 6.0
i just spent 30 minutes putting tasks into the app , then went to sync the app with my google account and they all got erased .
all the main options are charged . then why list the app for free . might as well list it as charged app
night mode doesnt show up under theme
says free , its not free . its a demo for a paid app . be warned .
anything with a dash creates an alert which is troublesome to remove . eg . practice weeks 1-3 turns into a due date of january 3rd
i wish there was a one time payment option and a dark mode i ca n't add another subscription to the msny i already have
the features are good but unfair to pay on yearly basis
such a scam ..... ! ! ! first it asks you to sign up for making duration related reminder , once you sign up it says that you got pay money for that features : expressionless_face : :man_facepalming : ... deleted this app at the next moment of seeing those scam stuffs
premium version only
missing everything good about gtasks and adds everything you hate about every other task list app .
windows 10 version made my computer freak out , uninstalling for now
i purchased the app . all i need now is to add color to the calendar entries . mmh i 'll think of some stuff later .
easy to use . but do not always follow md2 ! ! ! it 's damaging our brains !
didnt like that to really use it as a planner i had to upgrade
requires access to contacts to work
good idea , but i do n't like that it wants internet access .
user interface not friendly
reminders does n't work .
it 's just a simple to do list ... why did you locked some tools ..
gawd , what 's up with the ugly orange and why ca n't i change it to something more palatable ? ? ? ! ! !
do n't get any notification at all
eh .... not great for a pay app
premium is very expensive
it was ok before . now it changes the stuff that i enter . please fix .
the program is very good on my old phone ( galaxy note 4 ) , but notifications do n't work on the new one ( redmi note 8 pro ) . i hope you will fix them . thanks
premium version only
good
برنامه ی خیلی خوبیه . از همشون بهتره.ولی جا داره ک بهترم بشه
as a user of gtasks ( owned by ticktick ) , how do i fully synchronise my data with the cloud ( preferably google but will make do with the ticktick servers ) . i pay for this service but only 40 % of my tasks are backed up on ticktick server/cloud . any and all advice much appreciated . kind regards john collington
this has the beginnings of a great app , but lots more work still needs to be done .
very hard to use . can not get a list of task to do , until do date
good but the paid version did not work as i wanted to use it more so i was disappointed
selecting text ( to copy , cut , or delete ) also selects many previous lines of text . this is the only app that does this . it makes selecting text harder than it is everywhere else . /// buy it ? if you use it a lot , you either have to decrease your number of lists or pay for it . /// they do have phenomenal customer service and continued development of the app .
works well but free version only gives you three total lists
lacks option to automatically skip all missed recurrences on recurring tasks . manual skipping of missed recurrences is not a powerful enough solution
the app slider for the font from normal to large is not working . it is only giving two options : normal and large . the slider does n't slide across and let you set your own font size .
reminders does n't work .
missing everything good about gtasks and adds everything you hate about every other task list app .
didnt like that to really use it as a planner i had to upgrade
having issues with syncing with google calendar . i added a task on ticktick and it 's been over 12 hours and it still has not sync up to my google calendar . i 've tried refreshing but nothing showed up . i 've looked at the help forum and many people have the same issue for some time now . i just purchased the pro and it 's not worth it if it does n't sync .
add a feature that let 's me tick tasks off from the widget . either than that i love the app
good , bt nt what i was looking for .
ca n't post to my google calendar or any other subscribed calendars . disappointed because this app has promise .
i found developers lie about free features . i just turned into day view , i asked to login and then i asked to upgrade ! in description this option and several other options mentioned as free .
tasks that i change dates does not move to the new date assigned . i 'm dismayed because i am a premium member . moreover , it does n't have a 1 week or 7 day folder . apart from the calendar , i also want to see a 7 day list or folder ...
c'mon . to have more than 10 lists i 've to pay ! ? nope ... that 's not gon na happen
i liked the app notifications when they worked , got ta pay 2.99 a month ? crazy .... mbe a year ? not a month for a calendar app . most widget features wont work unless u pay , never got to see if they even were worth 299 a month .... i like the popup reminders , hopefully someome will make a free one .
widget is not working completely . it does not sync with the app . plz solve this problem
-when editing or deleting a recurring task it should ask if you 're doing it just for this task or all recurring tasks , instead of deleting and editing all tasks without asking . 2- when creating a recurring task i should be able to time it on different times for each reccuring day , instead of having to create the same reccuring task for each seperate day
i do n't know why they changed it , but i hate the fact that you ca n't type in the time anymore . you have to scroll , like you 're on wheel of fortune or something . that is the biggest pain in the behind ever invented ! ! ! i do n't mind it if there 's a option , but this does n't appear to give you a choice anymore . please change it back .
from all possible options i 've tried out , this has most awkward and unintuitive interface .
when u want to add check list this will help you out . instead of writing some where , u can add them out here . but in the case u want to develop it as a habit , then u have to changes the setting and activate habits mode ... even in that u can create only 5 habits . if u want to create more than 5 habits , u will be asked to update to premium version only 5 habits thats funny , if its atleast 10 then okay ...
night mode doesnt show up under theme
had been very good . but now any reminder that is not completed by the end of the day gets marked as complete inatead of showing up as overdue . on repeating tasks , sometimes marking today 's as done will also mark 1 , 2 , or even 3 days into the future as done , with no pattern behind the glitch . has become very cumbersome to use and has resulted in many tasks getting missed .
quick add got fixed . now the sync is broken .
you asked me to pay premium version but instant google calendar sync still does n't work , needs few hours for tasks to sync . this been an issue for years already and you ignore pleas from users . on the other hand the gtasks app you have works really great .
eh .... not great for a pay app
perfect app , except for 12-hour sync with google calendar
getting annoying , reminder keep jumping out although the task is set one month later . start looking for alternatives
i love the feature where you can type the timing in the name of the task . this app has great features but one thing doesnt seem to work . its the reminders . i 'm neverrrrr of my tasks . i never get the notifications . i tried everything that was wriiten in the `` reminders not working ? '' but it still has not been fixed . could u please look into it asap
loved ticktick - great interface and the widget was perfect . unfortunately i had to move on to todoist . ticktick does n't have alexa capabilities and that 's a deal breaker . for a while , ifttt and gmail provided a good workaround , but recent changes to gmail rendered that functionality inoperable . ticktick , get on board with alexa and i 'll come back .
reminder is not working in realme phone . i did all the settings in my phone and app settings but still not working .
after update , i could n't log in to my google account , the button allow was n't working . after applying the workaround and setting an email in web-version , my app on the phone requested permissions to my contacts . i allowed it , the pop-up in the app did not disappear . after pressing 'ok ' several times , it went away . however , now the app does n't fetch the information from the cloud . i wanted to buy pro , not anymore . you ca n't fix the bug with google account for several months now . embarrassing .
not backup in device offline ? ?
i downloaded and paid for this app several days ago . it has some good aspects . but now i literally hate some other aspects of it ! for example , if you set a specific time for a specific time ( e.g . 1-3 pm ) , it disapears without giving you a chance to do anything with it . so , if you did n't finish that task , you are out of luck if you want to move it to somewhere else ! how ridiculous it is ! i 'm really scared . i ca n't trust this tool . i have to switch to something else and cut my losses .
please fix the widget . it keeps failing to display tasks and asks to restart all the time
disappointing ... i have been happily using this application for years now , but the last few updates appear to have caused more problems than they fixed . one example : when you create an event that 's further away than a month , the app will at all times change the date and time to incorrect ones . it has done this each time for me over the last months , changing the dates and times for no reason ; you can imagine this is a deal-breaker for a planning app ...
£3 a month to use most of the app ... na . features are nice , but disappointed i ca n't just buy the app .
now when i get a reminder it wakes up the screen to display the notification . there 's no way to change this . edit : reminder pop-ups is already switch off .
easy to use and understand . i have an issue with the reminder settings , if i set a time reminder , then it drains my battery . so i am not able to use this function . otherwise i am happy .
the free version is garbage compared to any.do . every other click pops up premium warning and it 's annoying as hell
i love ticktick and have returned after trying a few other task apps . the problem is that it 's all a it buggy . emails sent to be added as tasks dissappear if sent automatically through gmail , and my online web based tasks are different to those on the app . maybe time to look again at other apps ... : thinking_face : @ ticktick who should i email ? i 'm also totally fed up as it no longer works with google assistant : crying_face : .
best to do list app except the new notifications have gone haywire . they only pop up at bottom of screen and then disappear if i open any other app . old standard android notifications would remain in pull down notification drawer until i dealt with it - far superior . please bring that back .
keep getting a pop up `` re-authorisation failed '' even though my google account is already authorised on my account
has been one of the best reminder app available for a long time . this most recent update messed up notifications on android 10. they do n't follow the system dark mode at all , instead you have to manually change it in the app or deal with mismatched colors . it looks ridiculous seeing a white notification background amidst other black backgrounds in dark mode . it also looks like the black is not a true black like other apps . if this is n't fixed soon , i 'll be looking for a new reminder app .
this is very good app but the monthly cost or yearly cost are not worth it for me . i found a free app that does tbe same things .
i really like this app , it 's one of the best reminder apps there is . however the new custom notifications are horrible ! it sticks out like a sore thumb . you have to manually set between white or black background , which means that they do n't automatically switch with android 10 dark mode . they 're also not black , but grey which makes them look ugly next to other notifications . title and time also do n't line up with other notifications . plus it says `` a min . ago '' , which is only accurate if i look at my phone immediately . and it turns on the screen when the notification comes in , even if it 's in my pocket . this is a great app , but the recent update is one of those 'if it ai n't broken do n't fix it ' moments . i really hope you consider going back to standard android notifications , or at least provide an option between custom or standard . i 'll gladly update my review to 5 stars if that happens .
the new notifications are useless to me . i always keep my phone on vibrate , and the old normal android notification would vibrate my phone and notify me on my watch too . but now the new notification pops up silently and is very easy to miss . and i 've tried changing the settings and nothing works . i really do n't understand why not use android 's build-in notifications instead of this new thing or why is there no option to turn it off ?
i would 've switched to ticktick but there is no option to change to a 12 hour setting from a 24 hour . : pensive_face :
a very good to do manager . i would take a premium version if on the windows version it would possible to set/change/manage location reminders . for this feature i already wait some years . i 'm really surprised that the programmers are not able to add this feature also at the windows app . it 's annoying so anoying that you have to edid every task in android again to add a location reminder ..... but it seems to be to difficult for the programmers ... ? ? ? so when this is to difficult what can we expect ? will the maintanance of the windows app stay on a reliable basis ? ? ? waiting already since years for a change . did n't know why the ask me to change settings on android to change place reminders on my windows ticktick ... may be i should give up 18.10.2019
when i share my task on whatsapp even though i selected share title and content it only shares title version : 5.2.2 & if i share my task in the form of image the task with long name the end of the name gets replaced with ... instead of showing the remaining heading on new line
in general i really like this app but every time it does an update or my phone restarts , i have to go to redo the battery optimization settings because otherwise i do n't receive notifications . this is just ridiculous that it does n't save my settings ! 3 months later and still have the same problem ...
loved this app until it stopped syncing ... my android app and web app have been out of sync for over 2 weeks
such a scam ..... ! ! ! first it asks you to sign up for making duration related reminder , once you sign up it says that you got pay money for that features : expressionless_face : :man_facepalming : ... deleted this app at the next moment of seeing those scam stuffs
the interface is ok. but ticktick does * not * sync with google tasks . ( you can import google tasks , but no tasks added in ticktick app will appear on google calendar . ) if a task list does n't integrate with google tasks , if i am limited to using the standalone app and * can not * see tasks on other devices / computers , then the task mgmt . app is n't really good for anything .
the check boxes could be bigger and other such things could be made clearer .. also an option to see all the items in individual folder from the 4 * 3 weekly widget .
i think this app is the best option for a to do list except that the sync is terrible . i just paid for premium and the app will not sync . during the trial the sync between android app and pc app was also very bad . if they could get the connection/sync issues fixed it would be a great app . if i ca n't access the premium features i paid for in the next few hours i 'm going to be requesting a refund ...
all the main options are charged . then why list the app for free . might as well list it as charged app
useful . but constantly calls out to access crashlytics , facebook , etc . too much spyware . i 'm searching to replace it . app also locks you in so you can not export to another app .
tutorial ?
great app for your phone but if you need smartwatch functionality , look to any.do rather than this app . in dialogues with the devs , theyve stated they have no intentions of integrating even simple wearos apps ( like add task from watch ) . uninstalled
there 's a bug with the planning view , you ca n't see the title of the event . other than that the app runs okay .
great app but isnt optimized for google pixel 3xl . i cant re-size the widget to match the size of the screen .
nada es gratis
no android wear app
i purchased the app . all i need now is to add color to the calendar entries . mmh i 'll think of some stuff later .
do n't get any notification at all
has some cool features but now that i 've used for a while , can see has some real limitations and poor performance sometimes unfortunately .
it was good for a few days , but now it 's not loading on my browser at all ( gateway timeout ) , and changes i made on my ipad are not syncing to my phone . not useful if nothing works .
fix the lag on moving events on the day display and i 'll subscribe again . ux is clunky get a second opinion
the app is a little confusing in the way it works and it is a little ridiculous to pay $ 3 a month just to see a calendar .
app seems ok. but they want you to pay a monthly fee just to use a basic calendar . it let 's you view the current week . anything else and you have to pay . so many free ones out there to choose from . uninstalling .
i wish there was a one time payment option and a dark mode i ca n't add another subscription to the msny i already have
i love this app but it reads my texts . i left one in draft and it suggested it as a todo item . i could n't find any way to get it to keep is `` eyes '' to itself . not about it .
the notification on my tickwatch c2 has no vibration : vibration_mode : please fix
now not working after pie /emui 9.0.0 , please update or give instructions , still not working , no option found in settings , please help as guided
the application is very nive but cant take the complete use of it because of the premium option , and the amount also is high
serviceable but not awesome by any means . i 've spent enough time trying to set up tasks in here that i feel like i ca n't bail even though i do n't love it . it 's really tricky to figure out how to make tasks show up like i want and have only been able to really get things set up right by using the website in addition to the app . nothing is intuitive or easy to figure out in this app .
works well . does more than i need . a little awkward setting up reminders . 4/24/19 update : new app update forces me to read how long ago was the task due and then it shows what it is . very very annoying . will be looking for a new app if they do n't fix this . 4/30/19 response : pop up notifications show how long was the task due , then what it is . and i mostly read pop up or slide down from the top . disabling countdown does n't solve the problem .
non-functional with google account . was great , but ca n't use right now .
ticktick please give us students a discount like todoist ! ! you lost a user !
the app is good but the differences between the premium and free version are n't mentioned at the beginning . it is also not possible to start using the app without the `` free trial period '' as far as i have seen . after the forced free trial period i now realize that the sync function which enables you to use pc and and . app simultaneously is indeed a premium function . this seems awful lot like the way evernote took , i want to buy my apps because i appreciate the work , not because i 'm forced into .
i love this app but recently it has been freezing every time i add a new task . it 's updated and i even reinstalled it yet it is still happening .
easy to use . but do not always follow md2 ! ! ! it 's damaging our brains !
it 's just a simple to do list ... why did you locked some tools ..
i 'm facing a problem that is reminders are not working properly ( device lenovo k3 note android 6.0
gawd , what 's up with the ugly orange and why ca n't i change it to something more palatable ? ? ? ! ! !
windows 10 version made my computer freak out , uninstalling for now
when you use the pomo timer , it automatically starts counting down when you hit what task you want yo be working on . there is no longer an icon where you can choose your white noise before starting the pomo and no way to pause the pomo once it starts so you can select your white noise . i would like to be able to select the task i 'm working on , select what white noise i want , and then start the pomo ; not everything automatically start .
came back to this after not using it for a while tonnes of updates has made it rubbish
mota moti ...
requires access to contacts to work
do i have to add tasks daily ? or can i copy whole list for daily ?
i needed a replacement for wunderlist , which we relied on for task lists for our business & employees . with ticktick , i had to manually type in each task for each list because the import feature only put them in my inbox . there 's no home screen - hitting the return arrow exits the app ( not a biggie , just an adjustment ) . the real downer is having to pay to share the lists with more than one person . collaboration was an important feature we needed . using microsoft 's to do for now .
has the potential to be an excellent all in one calendar and to-do list , however i cancelled my subscription two weeks in as : 1. subtasks automatically repeat when repeating main task is completed , regardless of time and due date settings . this should be optional . 2. subtask reminders should be optional 3. calendar functions are very limited , e.g . ability to set up an event rather than a task would be a valuable addition
does not work on galaxy watch ... it would be so perfect if it would . the app is the best though , but how can an app built for planning and reminding not work with something as basic as a smartwatch . makes no sense .
best wunderlist replacement i can find . expensive . widget does n't scroll , which makes me really sad i ca n't keep wunderlist .
i have the premium version . i had been using wunderlist . the most amazing todo app ever and very intuitive . tick tick has worked well as wunderlist is no longer supported . however some key things i truly miss . push notifications when someone texts within the app . notification that someone else has updated or completed a task or list . copy and paste everything i need into a section as a single item in the list instead of everything becoming its own item in a list .
hi . long time ticktick user . unfortunately the app still has big issues with subscribed local calendars . recurring events from the local calendar are doubled in the list view and have been for a long time now . the last time it worked properly was in 5.2.1. i notified you guys a long time ago , but it has n't been fixed . i finally tried any.do and it works properly with my local calendar so it seems that i will be giving them my subscription money this year .
generally good but has issues , adding a subtask is just weird - why they ca n't do what wunderlist does with a place to add or a button , and it 's all a bit sluggish with some redraw problems . but it has some great ideas to it , so maybe it 'll be good in time .
hi , im using the paid one on my phone and ipad . however i find that they do not sync well on both . like i already marked 3cups of water on my phone , then whem i open on ipad it 's not marked . but then both updated according to the ipad . how do i make this better ? also , can there be a way to skip a habit ? sometimes i missed it and i dont want them to keep appearing on the list .
if time tracking was added and the parser/interface of the `` what would you like to do ? '' field was fixed ( this alone is making me want to switch back to amazing marvin ) , i would rate 5 stars .
unnecessarily complex . a simple one dimensional version would be fine
good app but in free version they should add more features just like reminder with time duration . i like it 's feature of description in which we can add sub task and tick then .
i would buy if there was one-time only purchase . i ca n't pay monthly . and it 's still enough to use without premium but i want premium and one time purchase : /
all awesome except widgets . they randomly ( and annoyingly often ) stop working , phone either needs to be restarted or widgets re-added ( or both ) ..
so far , it 's okay as task apps go . i 'm a wunderlist refugee because microsoft bought them out ( and they destroy everything ) . perhaps tick tick will grow on me . we 'll see .
useless . edit : thanks for replying , i wish the tasks could be repeated every day like in a morning routine that is done everyday to give the user a sense of having a productive morning or something : /
good but the widget glitches out atleast once a month and does n't display the task list . if that 's resolved i could surely give it 5 stars
ticktick is one of my favourite productivity app but suddenly the habit tracker does n't work or respond properly .
just upgraded to premium version . app and google play list subscription at $ 27.99 . i got charged $ 29.84 . ? ? ?
you have to subscribe for the pro version . i 'd rather just have one flat fee
pro : the functionality and ui are one of the best of these kinds of apps . everything has a simple look to it , but you can always go deep , add a reminder here , a folder there and do exactly what you want it to do . con : the feature i want the most ( more than 5 repeatable tasks , `` habits '' ) is locked behind a subscription paywall , and there is no reason for a subscription model . i 'd gladly drop a reasonable one time payment for it , but not the asking price month after month , i 'm not rich and nether is my country . all in all great if you can afford it , frustratingly limited if you ca n't .
i ca n't use the desktop app for windows . it wo n't let me sign in with my google account . please fix this . furthermore , some more themes for both the phone app and desktop app ; also , a feature where the user can attach progressive pictures that correlate to their habit , would be nice , as well for premium users . if i can have 99 attachment a day on premium , why not this suggestion ?
can add a reminder option withthe specified time
despite lacking a few features i 'd love ( google calendar integration , please ! ) this is the best to-do app i 've used . it 's efficient , without complexities that muddy its usefulness . the highlight for me is a * compact * task list widget , which allows me to quickly view a large number of tasks on my home screen without scrolling . unfortunately a recent update has made its notifications insufferable - and i ca n't turn them off ! sadly i may have to uninstall and cancel if this is n't fixed soon .
i loved this app when i first got it . though i still find it useful , the app vs desktop functionality leaves something to be desired . still , i would have given a higher rating if the app did n't have a habit of moving tasks to a random calendar date instead of the one i selected . i 'm not sure i 'll purchase a second year subscription .
( i am a premium user ) this is a great to-do app : tasks , habits , tags , subtasks , timer , however it lacks things that i use on a daily basis , for example : integration with google calendar or its own calendar ( to add events not tasks edo agenda did a great job ) , i wish tags could have different color so that i can distinguish them just by looking at the color , i wish it had other features like project column where you can manage a whole project ( ex : trello ) , integration with google assistant , etc .
i am apple transfer , and i am yet to find am app for android with the same functionality as the built in ios app . this one is ok , but does not do what i need it to . literally all i want an app to be able to do is have reminders pop up when scheduled , then stay on the screen until they are completed . this app will make the reminder pop up when scheduled , but if i do n't complete it by the end of the day , it will not stay on my screen . seems like i have to try and find a different app .
used to like this app a lot , but recently the time input got changed from a normal clock to a spinner where you have to manually scroll through the numbers to find the time you want . makes setting reminders very tedious .
i like this app but it 's so buggy , it has a lot of `` throttling '' while using calendar sync , please fix this . a : i tried to log out and reconnect , this does n't work . calendar part is still buggy . the calendar only works well when i turn sync or calendar permission off , but i ca n't see calendar events in this case .
you should put in the description that the widgets , monthly , weekly , and even daily calanders are for premium users , that 's the main reason why i downloaded . if you do n't have the money for a subscription its just a checklist , which can be done on most defualt phone calander apps .
it 's a very efficient and useful app but i 'm disappointed in the stats function . it started out lagging a day behind - fair enough - but now it 's at least 5. i like having stats to motivate me and this feature is now useless .
hi wonderful ticktick developers , i 'm not able to buy the premium product . errros are unavailable for this purchase & or-cac-01 i 've cleared data on goodle play services , ticktick , etc. , upi payment , credit card , debit card , vodafone billing , netbanking , none works . can you please help ?
the new notifications in 5.3 suck . they visually look wrong , do n't perform well and are a huge step backwards . would love to see a reversion to the system notifications rather than custom .
it 's nice app but notifications do n't popup on my wear os watch . i can see them in notification shade but watch does n't vibrate and there is no notification pop up on screen .
the app has been great on desktop and decent on the phone . performance of the android app is noticeably worse than ios though , especially on start up .
slightly glitchy and missing some features you 'd expect . syncing between desktop , web and mobile is nice . missing parity between all though .
it 's good but it 's size is large
it work absolutely fine but why every hour try to connect with facebook servers ? adguard noticed it
back button doesnt work
need google voice integration service to add task
the best looking todo app i could find , very complete . would be the one i use but ... unfortunately sync with google calendar takes hours , up to a day . the issue seems to be a couple of years old ( you can check it in the customer section on their website ) , and nothing was done to address it , while the competition syncs in seconds . if you do n't need google sync , then it 's great . i 'm now using another app . sad .
very helpful with lots of features . i would like to see the countdown mode work on the widget too though . also it would be delightful if we could add tasks ( like the notification ) with a button shortcut such as pressing the home button for some time and the prompt would pop up ! but still nothing i would pay annually though ..
it 's a good app , no question about it but it 's not perfect . i used it for months after abandoning todoist but i 'm leaving ticktick now . it 's feature packed but not as polished as other products . the ui is not great and the app has very different design language as well as features depending on which device you open it on . this lack of consistency as well as poor natural language support does n't make it the perfect todo app .
so , i really like this app ! probably one of the best planner apps out there , but i ended up uninstalling it because it kept asking to pair with my google account , and the pop-up was rather aggressive . the cancel button did n't work and it would pop up after every single action . even after going to the settings to try to sync it with my account , i did n't see a way to sync it ! i do really love this app , it 's great ! but that pop up just ruined it
it has a nice pop up widget for your to do list . the problem with this app is when i want it to alert me always at 9 about it or remind me of my tasks it does n't . its just there . i 'm still using it but i feel google assistant does a better job of reminding me . so i might delete it later . not so satisfying .
this is a good app , however it has a few bugs that need attention that could easily make the app 5 stars .
i am hating the experience now , this app was so great untill it started missing on my tasks reminders and its crazy i could n't get a very important task done that i put a reminder to here , and i have allowed tick tick all the functions it needs but this reminder thing , its pissing me off , please get it fixed .
overall it 's a good task management , i like its pomo timer and habit tracker . cons : 1 attachment / day ( free version ) . that 's too little , please be kind and add more . because of that i have to use google keeps .
pretty good . took a while to figure out how to set up a task . too many steps/screens to set reminder time , recurrence etc . i feel those should all be on a single screen . after saving , i ca n't edit . all i get is a prompt screen to sign in or sign up . great feature for some , but i do n't need it . it would be nice if that feature was said to be mandatory in the play store listing . i would n't have wasted my time . 3 stars for the `` forced '' share and the many-stepped interface . seems to be feature-rich .
this task app is the only decent option i 've found for combining tasks and calendar events into one scrollable widget . tasks can be set to repeat from the date completed , which is essential for things like haircuts and cleaning schedules . unfortunately , neither the app nor the widget ( which is especially important ) has many customization options . one option i would like , in particular , is the ability to hide the widget 's title bar . obviously color and display options would be nice , too .
the app is great but there is a one mistake , there is no way to sing tasks as an unfinished tasks , not deleted or compete it , and the next task in repeated tasks never appear until i complete the overdue tasks
scary . it 's a great program ( have n't put enough into it to see if it has the gtasks sync issues ) but i do n't see a backup option . i 've put information into apps then , years later , they change formats and all data is lost . this can never happen . i need to know that i can always access a given version of the program and local data will always work . todo and microsoft onenote burned me . ( microsoft is extorting , buy office 365 and we 'll allow you access to your prior data . )
i love everything about this app , except for how it handles snoozing repeat tasks . it 's easy to use and has a lot of configuration , something a lot of other apps save for the premium version . unfortunately , i find it unusable due to how snoozing repeat tasks then alters the date/time for all future occurrences , making it difficult to manage these tasks when i just want to snooze it this one time . if this was changed i would give 5 stars and upgrade to premium as the app is otherwise perfect .
nice and simple task app , however it is missing a couple of key features that are preventing me from switching over fun my current task app . these are : 1. no ability to set multiple reminders . 2. can not hide tasks until a later date . for annual tasks , i do not wish to see them constantly in my to do list , i 'd like them hidden until a certain date , usually 1 month before due date . furthermore , due to the longevity of the task , i like to be reminded early and then again closer to the time .
this app is awesome ! clean ui and great dark mode ! edit : 6 months in and still happy mostly . it would be nice to the the development team take a little more notice of the community . no ifttt , google assistant , or wearos support . wouldnt be so bad if there was an api but that doesnt exist either . the developers have ignored these requests month after month for years . very frustrating !
this app would be fantastic if the calendar integration also picked up repeating events in my google calendar , but it does n't . i need to see all that 's on my calendar in order to properly plan . after the second repeated event , it shows a blank calendar day , which is inaccurate . this alone makes it just another to do list app without productivity functionality .
this is pretty great but has what i think is a major bug . in the settings you can choose a default for reminders . so , i choose `` an hour before '' . that means , to me , that if i say something is at 2pm , it will remind me at 1pm . however , instead , ticktick sets the task for 3pm and the reminder for 2pm . this is , obviously , wrong . fix that and its 5 stars but as it stands , i now have to set each reminder individually , which is a pain .
confusion regarding 'sharing ' your schedule with other team members or subscibers . seriously , would it kill them to put an 'added ' , 'enter ' , or some kind of 'task completed ' button ... it would save a lot of confusion . sending an invite to fellow workers results in a vague link that seems disconnected with the original intention . no 'connect with users ' or anything other than a link . for something that 's supposed to be time management related , i 've wasted hours trying to figure this out .
pretty decent to-do app , with probably the least annoyances of the very many i 've tried over the years . i 'm yet to find my perfect match though . the app sometimes require unnecessarily many taps to get something done . it 's easy enough to understand , it 's just not the smoothest user experience .
a to do list is a really clever way to look into progress you have made in a day so , it is not just about completing the task it is about looking into the progress you have made by glancing at completed tasks . you do n't get default features to see the competed tasks to enable that you have to go into settings and enable that and if you are not interested in compiled tasks anymore you ca n't just delete those tasks for that you have to select each task individually and then delete it .
my review might be a little skewed because i 'm looking for something specific . i want an app to create an hourly task today , that does n't require me to enter in a reminder for every hour in the day . i do n't really need a task manager because i have 3 built into other apps , and i do n't need a place to keep notes to be reminded about because i also have several apps that do that . really i just want a flexible natural language reminder app .
i loved tt and paid for premium but sooner or later their reminder will let you down : ( you ca n't count on it unfortunately . and it 's not because of android but due to a flaw in the app . if a reminder pops up and you accidentally tap somewhere else in the screen or if you 're busy now then the reminder disappears and never reminds you again until you manually find this task again in the list and set a new date for the reminder .
i love its functionality and the idea behind this but one thing is really missing in my opinion is the import of tasks , meetings etc from the mails .
pretty good app to take notes and lists , +1 for the smart snooze feature . however it 's disappointing that there 's no reliable way of backing up all your data , even with premium . the only option is to log in using a browser and manually export a backup , but an automated scheduled export within the app would be way better .
good app , easy to use but the reminders do n't work , no matter what the app says i should do . please do fix that .
this app used to be helpful , now it does n't give me notifications unless i open the app . when i do open the app , i am slammed with overlapping `` reminders '' . i have tried everything in the settings , but nothing has helped . i like all the other aspects of this app , so it 's a shame that the one thing i need it for does n't work any more .
i like the app on how it organize your tasks . you can customize how you will be reminded and prioritized . unfortunately , the alarm does n't work . it either late or not working at all . i thought if i pay premium , it will fix . but it did n't . so 3/5 .
this is by far the best to do list app i 've come by . it has rich features and a great interface , even in the free version . it knows the difference between a task , and a habit . my main issue here with the app , is premium pricing . why exactly do i have to pay a monthly fee for features that can be used offline ? normally , a monthly subscription is to support features that need to be consistently paid for . from what i can see , there 's only one . if a one time payment option is added , i 'll buy it .
ticktick throws a lot of functions and features into the app , almost the whole kitchen sink . it has some very good and strong features , specially related to reminders , recurring reminders , some ability to recognise natural language dates etc . however it needs to improve much more in search abilites . except for tags and list names search terms do not show up as you type . search for tasks with multiple word combinations in the task title does not work . robust solid search is still sorely lacking
i wanted to like it ... i 've always drooled at the idea of having a to do list app integrate with a calender . but alas , this version is clunky . you ca n't delete a single date of a recurring calender event , meaning you ca n't flexibly plan your day while beginning with a rough outline . i switched over to to-doist and google calender instead .
this is one of the better todo list apps and integrates with events nicely . it is severely let down by poor synchronisation with google tasks ( too slow or forget it ) which limits its usefulness where syncing with other applications is a concern . others sync much more effectively .
i love this app but who in the world thought this new scheduler was a good idea ? it takes forever to set up a time now . please , please , please bring back the clock ( round ) scheduler back .
i really liked the app , but could n't find a way to integrate it with my google tasks , which is a most for me . it is a very complete app , i would even consider a premium subscription if it was a one time thing and not a yearly/monthly system . i will check this again in a couple of months to see if it has improved .
is anything wrong with this app ? i do have to reinstall the app every day ... actually it is excellent , but i am just about to give up with it . i thought that was my phone . but it happens only with this app . could you guys please check what is going on ? i do appreciate it , thank you . thank you for tour reply . it jist disappear from my cel regularly and i have to reinstall it , again and again . i use to move the app from the cel to the sd card . i will try to follow your instructions . thank you .
great app , better than google 's free one . but paying a subscription for such a simple app has rendered this useless . im happy to oay a one off fee , but im not willing to pay a subscription just access other features . hence why its not 5 stars . its just a to-do list ..... thats all .
i love this app but there 's only one problem : i ca n't sign up or sign in . i was able to sign up using google chrome but when i try to do so in the app itself , it does n't work . please can this be fixed ? i would like to be able to sync across devices .
if only this app would allow integration with google calendar and todoist . i really like the promodoro timer feature of this app and wanted to use it for my tasks in todoist . although this app allows subscription to local calendar , you can not use promo timer with calendar tasks . please allow integration with other apps .
i want to like it , but the main thing i wanted it for is location based reminders . when adding a location i hit star to save it , but they are n't saved , you have to manually enter the address every time . i do n't understand why everyone gets location based notification so wrong .
something that bothered with the calendar widget is that tasks that span for multiple days are separated into blocks in contrast to a continuous line .
this app is sooo good for and perfect for students ! : graduation_cap : add tasks at : high_voltage : lightning speed and track your pomodoro sessions : tomato : , habits : recycling_symbol : and tasks : inbox_tray : without problems !
i am facing sync issues . yesterday i added a todo from my laptop chrome website . today i did n't get it 's notification on my phone . it 's when i opened the app when i see that it 's being added . this should have been done in the background .
i 've recently started using ticktick . so far so good . it would be nice if you could alphabetize the items checked off so that they are easier to find when you want to add them back to your list . i have n't found a list system that does that yet .
too many fake menu items in the free version ( all that items just ask you to buy the paid version ) .
nice app but can be improved upon in terms of navigating the app
i really liked the look of this app , and was very nearly a todoist convert because of the planning features , but the lack of integration with google assistant and other things in my workflow was a deal-breaker . will check it out again when integrations are better .
good as it is simple and effective . it could be more enhanced .
a wealth of options and no guidance on how to use them . templates or examples would be useful . if you 're willing to stick with it , you 'll find it very useful . the leaning curve is steeper than it needs to be .
looks a lot like todoist . i said `` look '' because todoist is bug free when compared to this one . what a waste of time i had trying to set it up both by natural language and clicking ...
it 's good designed to be productive but not reliable in practice especially the attachments . many times they are not on the server and you do n't know which ones are there and which ones have failed to upload .
ive been using it up almost 2 years now . its a good app - which i always recommend friends and cowowkers to use it few suggestions : - update the sort ( for task lists ) , so we can sort by other filters - for team tasks , probably add the chat feature
i would gladly pay $ 5 for the premium features of this up , but they want a monthly subscription . i do n't think that 's a fair price at all , but it 's a good app with the free features so ... 3 stars .
on my s9+ , it 's started giving notifications some minutes after the event . it actually states it , e.g. , `` 4 minutes ago . '' the time delay varies . i hear the notifications announce on time on my huawei tablet .
wish the google assistant integration could be improved . every time i ask it to set a ticktick reminder , it just shows tiktok . also , every time i restart my phone i need to boot up the app , otherwise the widget panel does n't show up .
fix permissions for 5 stars . great design and ui but you should n't need access to my contacts to login with my google account . google provides an api for it that all other apps use without contacts permissions .
hi there , i am facing reminder notification issue in infinix 4 hot pro 7.0. basically i love all features of app . but without reminder notification its worthless is n't it ? really do n't wants to uninstall it so waiting for update to solve the issue
good app , but im a premium user for more than one year and have been requesting features on the official support forum ( like change dates of lots of overdue dates at once on windows app ) and never even got a response .
this app is going in the right direction , just switched from todoist . i think they have to concentrate on adding more ( what should be ) standard features before adding things like hobbies etc . it 's ok , but far from amazing in my opinion .
disappointed - needs complete connection to your google account to work , too many ads , and most features do n't work in the free version . time wasted .
not sure ... bought the premium subscription for a year ... not sure though . help pages are pretty good so i will keep working with this . i like that it crosses my devices .
lack of function in free version to extent i couldnt use at all . i am prepared to pay for planner i like , but it was impossible to tell . i didnt want to give 1 star though , as it did look nice .
there is no option for repeated activities is a few hours . i will give 5 star and uninstall todoist if i can set 'every hour / every 3 hour ' . so far , this app is better than todoist .
love the experience . will give 5 starts when there wont be any subscription for pro features . one time purchse is what will make this app perfect .
easy to use and calendar is useful . i think its just a cash grab to pay for full month calendar view . but other than that its great
the apss so far is the best to do apps i have use , however the tag unable to sort alphabetically , we hav to everytime sort manually , not user friendly . i will rate 5 star if can settle this problem
hi , i change `` start day of week '' in the sitting but in the repeat option , when i check the `` skip weekend '' , the program skip saturday and sunday ! ! ! if first day of week is saturday , then thursday and friday are weekend , please fix it for 5 stars ! this is very important . thanks .
good app , but some feature are to be updated still like , it should actually calculate the petcentage of work done by us on each task and should be more attractive i think so
please keep a tab for ( accidentally ) deleted tasks.if some 5-6 tasks gets accidentally deleted it gets very irritating to again set the tasks.so it 'd be a great idea to keep a recycle bin for the deleted tasks.thanks ! !
it could have been a robust app but these bunch of loosers want you to pay every month is annoying .
great app ! it will be the best app , if developers add an ability to make schedule of pomodoro goals . 10 on monday , but 5 on tuesday for example .
to finish scheduling a task , you must click a small arrow in the top left corner . clearly , the development team never tested this becsuse it feels horrible .
the app is great , but i really do n't like new dark styles with orange details color ... please add the ability to change details color back to blue ( or some others ) .
it 's better to have biweekly schedule . im using this app to manage my to do list , unfortunately , it doesnt have every other week schedule or biweekly schedule . to be honest i have lot of things to do during that schedule because my oayout is every other week so i really need to have that kind of schedule . olease add that up . thank you .
nice app . but , why it doesnt sync with my google acount ? i mean when i add a new task , it does not appear in my gmail task !
previous it working very fine but now there lots issue with the application . eg . if you had not complete yesterday task it wont allow you complete today tasks even reporting is not working
good app but you need to pay a subscription to use it fully . there is n't an option to pay for the app outright which is a shame
unfortunately sometimes the reminders do n't go off when they 're supposed to . however , i like the easy design , so i can just write things quickly .
still evaluating the app , lots of things i thought are not available on free app , must upgrade to premium to use . app good to use so far . that why rating low .
everything is perfect . its just that the completed tasks are too faded to be visible in the widget . kindly fix this . i am deducting 2 stars for this problem
respected team , it is not working in oppo f5 . actually it is not reminding me despite off given all the permissions . find out the solutions .
since it ca n't sync with google tasks i will stick to gtasks app . nothing beats the sliding task lists and syncing with gmail.sorry , i wish this synced , it would be the ideal and best of both worlds
great app only problem is that whenever i set reminders for the task i set i do n't really receive them would definitely rate 5 stars if this problem is fixed
great app . however , i was not able to sync with google calendar and it was a deal-breaker for me . uninstalling ...
overall a well-designed app that i would otherwise use , except for the lack of google assistant integration , a la todoist .
would be great to have notes implement into the app . that way it would be a bit more multifunctional .
app was great , but now i cant set my work end times , only starting due to it being restricted for premium only now after the new update . bad timing guys . uninstalling app .
i like it . paying month after month for premium features is n't for me though .
overall alot of features . can make the app more organise using colors . can not find way to export when switching phone .
a very beautiful app , let down by the lack of subtasks and list item 's lack of notes .
monthly and weekly view should be free . should also include the option to delete out dated tasks in the recurring tasks category .
i am having a hard time with adding events on days different than today . this should be easier to use .
i have a big problem with this app , daily routine does n't repeat unless i complete it . but somtimes i really could not complete it . then ist stop , why ? ! ! ! !
i really like this app . still having problems , trying to figure out how can it work best for me .
great app . i wish i had more chance to add reminders without buying premium .
still trying to figure it all out . not tech savvy , so what looked very easy at 1st just does n't seem to be for me . still trying tho !
for some reason syncing is broken in the latest update .
its honestly a great app , other than the fact that it keeps pushing for me to upgrade and i cant do certain things unless i upgrade .
basic features for free . pricy premium monthly subs for rarely used application .
there was no way to set tasks to repeat ( every day , every monday , etc . ) .
the app and widɡet are very ɡood . will change to 5 start when i can be able to add task using google assistant .
sync with google tasks totally broken- tasks are months out of date .
good but needs a true black background option with white letters . dark grey is n't black
i would really appreciate if dev focus on improving existing features like natural dates and time rather than adding new features .
the app is good but reminders do n't seem to be working .
juat started using this and although it seems to do most of what i need i think it has some basic things missing .
nice app but there is a with the tasks syncing with other calendar .
good but flawed . the app does not support tasks from caldav such as icloud reminders : face_with_rolling_eyes :
does what it 's meant to . limited to the amount of list you can make unless you pay for premium
it is good sometime app does not work properly . intimation not shown on time .
1. notifications comes over my locked screen 2. notifications does n't work properly on time would be very helpful if you add notes .
does n't beat most others in it 's free version and too costly in the paid
ugh ... too complicated just want plain priority list . uninstalling .
vibrates even in silent mode without vibrations ( even on 485 )
smart input while editings tasks should be same as when creating tasks .
really good app really helpful . but guys if you can change the reminder sound from notification to alarm . plzz
can we please have sub tasks placed under our main task… ? the analytics are not so useful to be honest ..
i love the app but please , allow me to just buy the app and be on my way , what 's up with the subscriptions ?
was looking for something which syncs with google tasks .
would give 5 stars but locking the aync function through a subscription sucks
nice app but , i can not add any winget to my mobile screen ,
please make weekly view free for every device
sometimes , the notification does n't ring .
why cant i logged in . -_-
cant postpone a task : `` the reminder you set was invalid because its already overdue '' ? ? ? thats the reason im postponing it ...
missing key features cross platform
pls my dudes , minimize number of clicks to set/edit/delete task 's reminder time . i feel like all i do is tap tap tap tap !
it is simple to use.ok for day to day use ..
please add location-based reminders and missed call reminders
no internet connection all the time !
jus started using . so far i like it .
wish you could sync google calendar .
`` custom swipe options '' hidden in premium : face_with_tears_of_joy :
pomo timer is still glitchy .
premium ? for calendar views ? seriously ?
the tasks may go missing ...
difficult to figure out how to indent or provide a sublist
ui needs to be improved
please integrate kanban from web to the mobile app .
okay i guess . very happy with dev response to my previous review , ty .
too many items
pomdoro is bad
its simple but it works
this tool so cool for todo list
work on notifications ... its the best though am happy
bad calendar sync
good but expensive
passive but good
for me . good app .
i ca n't type ? ? not because of my phone . there must be some mistakes
why weekend just 2 days on sat sun , but my weekend is on friday only .
have to subscribe to link to google calendars
new features update now please ... : red_heart : :red_heart : :red_heart : ... ! ! !
huge like from the bottom of my heart .
does n't work with wear os .
no tracking time
hmmm , working good
waste of time ... dont download
functional nothing special
great app but missing integration with goggle assistant or automatuon apps like ifttt , many apps do this now ticktick is falling behind
در زبان فارسی به علت راست چین بودن تقویم ماه از راست به چپ ولی ایام هفته از چپ به راست چیده شده و تطابق ندارند . لطفا اصلاح کنید .
experiência muito boa mas tem muito a ser feito .
love this app . i used to give it 5 stars but its so sliggish on the s8 and half the time the widget wont load .
has the potential to be an excellent all in one calendar and to-do list , however i cancelled my subscription two weeks in as : 1. subtasks automatically repeat when repeating main task is completed , regardless of time and due date settings . this should be optional . 2. subtask reminders should be optional 3. calendar functions are very limited , e.g . ability to set up an event rather than a task would be a valuable addition
pomdoro is bad
i needed a replacement for wunderlist , which we relied on for task lists for our business & employees . with ticktick , i had to manually type in each task for each list because the import feature only put them in my inbox . there 's no home screen - hitting the return arrow exits the app ( not a biggie , just an adjustment ) . the real downer is having to pay to share the lists with more than one person . collaboration was an important feature we needed . using microsoft 's to do for now .
please make weekly view free for every device
can add a reminder option withthe specified time
unnecessarily complex . a simple one dimensional version would be fine
it 's good but it 's size is large
jus started using . so far i like it .
useless . edit : thanks for replying , i wish the tasks could be repeated every day like in a morning routine that is done everyday to give the user a sense of having a productive morning or something : /
very helpful with lots of features . i would like to see the countdown mode work on the widget too though . also it would be delightful if we could add tasks ( like the notification ) with a button shortcut such as pressing the home button for some time and the prompt would pop up ! but still nothing i would pay annually though ..
this is a good app , however it has a few bugs that need attention that could easily make the app 5 stars .
just upgraded to premium version . app and google play list subscription at $ 27.99 . i got charged $ 29.84 . ? ? ?
best wunderlist replacement i can find . expensive . widget does n't scroll , which makes me really sad i ca n't keep wunderlist .
if time tracking was added and the parser/interface of the `` what would you like to do ? '' field was fixed ( this alone is making me want to switch back to amazing marvin ) , i would rate 5 stars .
does not work on galaxy watch ... it would be so perfect if it would . the app is the best though , but how can an app built for planning and reminding not work with something as basic as a smartwatch . makes no sense .
nice one
great app but missing integration with goggle assistant or automatuon apps like ifttt , many apps do this now ticktick is falling behind
hi , im using the paid one on my phone and ipad . however i find that they do not sync well on both . like i already marked 3cups of water on my phone , then whem i open on ipad it 's not marked . but then both updated according to the ipad . how do i make this better ? also , can there be a way to skip a habit ? sometimes i missed it and i dont want them to keep appearing on the list .
it could have been a robust app but these bunch of loosers want you to pay every month is annoying .
i have the premium version . i had been using wunderlist . the most amazing todo app ever and very intuitive . tick tick has worked well as wunderlist is no longer supported . however some key things i truly miss . push notifications when someone texts within the app . notification that someone else has updated or completed a task or list . copy and paste everything i need into a section as a single item in the list instead of everything becoming its own item in a list .
experiência muito boa mas tem muito a ser feito .
so far , it 's okay as task apps go . i 'm a wunderlist refugee because microsoft bought them out ( and they destroy everything ) . perhaps tick tick will grow on me . we 'll see .
در زبان فارسی به علت راست چین بودن تقویم ماه از راست به چپ ولی ایام هفته از چپ به راست چیده شده و تطابق ندارند . لطفا اصلاح کنید .
it 's a good app , no question about it but it 's not perfect . i used it for months after abandoning todoist but i 'm leaving ticktick now . it 's feature packed but not as polished as other products . the ui is not great and the app has very different design language as well as features depending on which device you open it on . this lack of consistency as well as poor natural language support does n't make it the perfect todo app .
good but the widget glitches out atleast once a month and does n't display the task list . if that 's resolved i could surely give it 5 stars
good as it is simple and effective . it could be more enhanced .
good app but in free version they should add more features just like reminder with time duration . i like it 's feature of description in which we can add sub task and tick then .
generally good but has issues , adding a subtask is just weird - why they ca n't do what wunderlist does with a place to add or a button , and it 's all a bit sluggish with some redraw problems . but it has some great ideas to it , so maybe it 'll be good in time .
hi . long time ticktick user . unfortunately the app still has big issues with subscribed local calendars . recurring events from the local calendar are doubled in the list view and have been for a long time now . the last time it worked properly was in 5.2.1. i notified you guys a long time ago , but it has n't been fixed . i finally tried any.do and it works properly with my local calendar so it seems that i will be giving them my subscription money this year .
back button doesnt work
ticktick is one of my favourite productivity app but suddenly the habit tracker does n't work or respond properly .
you have to subscribe for the pro version . i 'd rather just have one flat fee
love this app . i used to give it 5 stars but its so sliggish on the s8 and half the time the widget wont load .
too many items
very very good . better than todoist imo . docking two stars because is getting buggier . couple weeks ago would n't sync , and now notifications are vibrating when phone is in vibrate mode . considering a switch to microsoft to do .
i would buy if there was one-time only purchase . i ca n't pay monthly . and it 's still enough to use without premium but i want premium and one time purchase : /
all awesome except widgets . they randomly ( and annoyingly often ) stop working , phone either needs to be restarted or widgets re-added ( or both ) ..
: thumbs_up :
the best looking todo app i could find , very complete . would be the one i use but ... unfortunately sync with google calendar takes hours , up to a day . the issue seems to be a couple of years old ( you can check it in the customer section on their website ) , and nothing was done to address it , while the competition syncs in seconds . if you do n't need google sync , then it 's great . i 'm now using another app . sad .
nice app but can be improved upon in terms of navigating the app
used to like this app a lot , but recently the time input got changed from a normal clock to a spinner where you have to manually scroll through the numbers to find the time you want . makes setting reminders very tedious .
pro : the functionality and ui are one of the best of these kinds of apps . everything has a simple look to it , but you can always go deep , add a reminder here , a folder there and do exactly what you want it to do . con : the feature i want the most ( more than 5 repeatable tasks , `` habits '' ) is locked behind a subscription paywall , and there is no reason for a subscription model . i 'd gladly drop a reasonable one time payment for it , but not the asking price month after month , i 'm not rich and nether is my country . all in all great if you can afford it , frustratingly limited if you ca n't .
love this app ! keeps me organized and productive . only thing i 'm bummed about is i can override the locking feature . even sent an email about it .
i ca n't use the desktop app for windows . it wo n't let me sign in with my google account . please fix this . furthermore , some more themes for both the phone app and desktop app ; also , a feature where the user can attach progressive pictures that correlate to their habit , would be nice , as well for premium users . if i can have 99 attachment a day on premium , why not this suggestion ?
need google voice integration service to add task
i love this app but who in the world thought this new scheduler was a good idea ? it takes forever to set up a time now . please , please , please bring back the clock ( round ) scheduler back .
slightly glitchy and missing some features you 'd expect . syncing between desktop , web and mobile is nice . missing parity between all though .
is there anyway to remove the hyperlinks from your description fields ?
it work absolutely fine but why every hour try to connect with facebook servers ? adguard noticed it
good but expensive
hi wonderful ticktick developers , i 'm not able to buy the premium product . errros are unavailable for this purchase & or-cac-01 i 've cleared data on goodle play services , ticktick , etc. , upi payment , credit card , debit card , vodafone billing , netbanking , none works . can you please help ?
good in general , but too many little bugs here and there
this app is sooo good for and perfect for students ! : graduation_cap : add tasks at : high_voltage : lightning speed and track your pomodoro sessions : tomato : , habits : recycling_symbol : and tasks : inbox_tray : without problems !
i am apple transfer , and i am yet to find am app for android with the same functionality as the built in ios app . this one is ok , but does not do what i need it to . literally all i want an app to be able to do is have reminders pop up when scheduled , then stay on the screen until they are completed . this app will make the reminder pop up when scheduled , but if i do n't complete it by the end of the day , it will not stay on my screen . seems like i have to try and find a different app .
for real , who asked for markdown ? ! ! especially that check mark in markdown is so tiny and stupid . the highlight is also not nice . if we want to take notes , we use evernote , not ticktick .
so , i really like this app ! probably one of the best planner apps out there , but i ended up uninstalling it because it kept asking to pair with my google account , and the pop-up was rather aggressive . the cancel button did n't work and it would pop up after every single action . even after going to the settings to try to sync it with my account , i did n't see a way to sync it ! i do really love this app , it 's great ! but that pop up just ruined it
lately , does n't sync between web app and android reminders well . still a nice app , but that is an inconvenience .
i loved this app when i first got it . though i still find it useful , the app vs desktop functionality leaves something to be desired . still , i would have given a higher rating if the app did n't have a habit of moving tasks to a random calendar date instead of the one i selected . i 'm not sure i 'll purchase a second year subscription .
the app has been great on desktop and decent on the phone . performance of the android app is noticeably worse than ios though , especially on start up .
looks a lot like todoist . i said `` look '' because todoist is bug free when compared to this one . what a waste of time i had trying to set it up both by natural language and clicking ...
it 's nice app but notifications do n't popup on my wear os watch . i can see them in notification shade but watch does n't vibrate and there is no notification pop up on screen .
definitely there is something broken regarding notifications . i 'm not getting alerts for all my tasks with reminders . also , seems like notifications unlock my phone and turn my screen on - when previously they did n't . it 's still the app that best suits my needs and definitely worth trying if you have n't before , but the recent issues are frustrating . but i 'm sure the guys will fix them soon ! thanks !
despite lacking a few features i 'd love ( google calendar integration , please ! ) this is the best to-do app i 've used . it 's efficient , without complexities that muddy its usefulness . the highlight for me is a * compact * task list widget , which allows me to quickly view a large number of tasks on my home screen without scrolling . unfortunately a recent update has made its notifications insufferable - and i ca n't turn them off ! sadly i may have to uninstall and cancel if this is n't fixed soon .
too many fake menu items in the free version ( all that items just ask you to buy the paid version ) .
work on notifications ... its the best though am happy
no tracking time
i like this app but it 's so buggy , it has a lot of `` throttling '' while using calendar sync , please fix this . a : i tried to log out and reconnect , this does n't work . calendar part is still buggy . the calendar only works well when i turn sync or calendar permission off , but i ca n't see calendar events in this case .
it 's a very efficient and useful app but i 'm disappointed in the stats function . it started out lagging a day behind - fair enough - but now it 's at least 5. i like having stats to motivate me and this feature is now useless .
the new notifications in 5.3 suck . they visually look wrong , do n't perform well and are a huge step backwards . would love to see a reversion to the system notifications rather than custom .
best task app out there . i always come back after testing newer ones . but the new notifications are terrible . they turn my screen on at random times , do n't follow material design ... i already have the quick add notification , why are they a separate section ?
the app is great but there is a one mistake , there is no way to sing tasks as an unfinished tasks , not deleted or compete it , and the next task in repeated tasks never appear until i complete the overdue tasks
you should put in the description that the widgets , monthly , weekly , and even daily calanders are for premium users , that 's the main reason why i downloaded . if you do n't have the money for a subscription its just a checklist , which can be done on most defualt phone calander apps .
i am hating the experience now , this app was so great untill it started missing on my tasks reminders and its crazy i could n't get a very important task done that i put a reminder to here , and i have allowed tick tick all the functions it needs but this reminder thing , its pissing me off , please get it fixed .
something that bothered with the calendar widget is that tasks that span for multiple days are separated into blocks in contrast to a continuous line .
( i am a premium user ) this is a great to-do app : tasks , habits , tags , subtasks , timer , however it lacks things that i use on a daily basis , for example : integration with google calendar or its own calendar ( to add events not tasks edo agenda did a great job ) , i wish tags could have different color so that i can distinguish them just by looking at the color , i wish it had other features like project column where you can manage a whole project ( ex : trello ) , integration with google assistant , etc .
why cant i logged in . -_-
ok
it has a nice pop up widget for your to do list . the problem with this app is when i want it to alert me always at 9 about it or remind me of my tasks it does n't . its just there . i 'm still using it but i feel google assistant does a better job of reminding me . so i might delete it later . not so satisfying .
good app , easy to use but the reminders do n't work , no matter what the app says i should do . please do fix that .
does n't beat most others in it 's free version and too costly in the paid
i love its functionality and the idea behind this but one thing is really missing in my opinion is the import of tasks , meetings etc from the mails .
overall it 's a good task management , i like its pomo timer and habit tracker . cons : 1 attachment / day ( free version ) . that 's too little , please be kind and add more . because of that i have to use google keeps .
overall a well-designed app that i would otherwise use , except for the lack of google assistant integration , a la todoist .
`` custom swipe options '' hidden in premium : face_with_tears_of_joy :
difficult to figure out how to indent or provide a sublist
good app
great app only problem is that whenever i set reminders for the task i set i do n't really receive them would definitely rate 5 stars if this problem is fixed
good but flawed . the app does not support tasks from caldav such as icloud reminders : face_with_rolling_eyes :
good
ticktick throws a lot of functions and features into the app , almost the whole kitchen sink . it has some very good and strong features , specially related to reminders , recurring reminders , some ability to recognise natural language dates etc . however it needs to improve much more in search abilites . except for tags and list names search terms do not show up as you type . search for tasks with multiple word combinations in the task title does not work . robust solid search is still sorely lacking
wish the google assistant integration could be improved . every time i ask it to set a ticktick reminder , it just shows tiktok . also , every time i restart my phone i need to boot up the app , otherwise the widget panel does n't show up .
lack of function in free version to extent i couldnt use at all . i am prepared to pay for planner i like , but it was impossible to tell . i didnt want to give 1 star though , as it did look nice .
this app is going in the right direction , just switched from todoist . i think they have to concentrate on adding more ( what should be ) standard features before adding things like hobbies etc . it 's ok , but far from amazing in my opinion .
nice app but , i can not add any winget to my mobile screen ,
i wanted to like it ... i 've always drooled at the idea of having a to do list app integrate with a calender . but alas , this version is clunky . you ca n't delete a single date of a recurring calender event , meaning you ca n't flexibly plan your day while beginning with a rough outline . i switched over to to-doist and google calender instead .
ugh ... too complicated just want plain priority list . uninstalling .
great app . i wish i had more chance to add reminders without buying premium .
its honestly a great app , other than the fact that it keeps pushing for me to upgrade and i cant do certain things unless i upgrade .
the app and widɡet are very ɡood . will change to 5 start when i can be able to add task using google assistant .
no app funciona muito bem , mas infelizmente não está sincronizando corretamente com a versão web . ainda é o melhor app que já usei na categoria .
it is good sometime app does not work properly . intimation not shown on time .
does n't work with wear os .
everything is perfect . its just that the completed tasks are too faded to be visible in the widget . kindly fix this . i am deducting 2 stars for this problem
i ca n't type ? ? not because of my phone . there must be some mistakes
this is by far the best to do list app i 've come by . it has rich features and a great interface , even in the free version . it knows the difference between a task , and a habit . my main issue here with the app , is premium pricing . why exactly do i have to pay a monthly fee for features that can be used offline ? normally , a monthly subscription is to support features that need to be consistently paid for . from what i can see , there 's only one . if a one time payment option is added , i 'll buy it .
i want to like it , but the main thing i wanted it for is location based reminders . when adding a location i hit star to save it , but they are n't saved , you have to manually enter the address every time . i do n't understand why everyone gets location based notification so wrong .
was looking for something which syncs with google tasks .
it alright
please keep a tab for ( accidentally ) deleted tasks.if some 5-6 tasks gets accidentally deleted it gets very irritating to again set the tasks.so it 'd be a great idea to keep a recycle bin for the deleted tasks.thanks ! !
please add location-based reminders and missed call reminders
constantly crashes if type too fast ... pointer disappears , page bounces to another section then back again , sometimes deleting text just entered ! went from a galaxy note to a galaxy j7 . did n't have these issues with the note ... so , to be fair , not sure if its the app or my new device . help ! ... update : now , app causes device to not work properly . get this message : `` system ui not responding '' . app causes device to freeze . uninstalled app , device went back to normal .
i loved tt and paid for premium but sooner or later their reminder will let you down : ( you ca n't count on it unfortunately . and it 's not because of android but due to a flaw in the app . if a reminder pops up and you accidentally tap somewhere else in the screen or if you 're busy now then the reminder disappears and never reminds you again until you manually find this task again in the list and set a new date for the reminder .
overall alot of features . can make the app more organise using colors . can not find way to export when switching phone .
i love the app but please , allow me to just buy the app and be on my way , what 's up with the subscriptions ?
its simple but it works
приложение хорошее но багов очень много и с каждым днём все больше и больше
why weekend just 2 days on sat sun , but my weekend is on friday only .
cant postpone a task : `` the reminder you set was invalid because its already overdue '' ? ? ? thats the reason im postponing it ...
unfortunately sometimes the reminders do n't go off when they 're supposed to . however , i like the easy design , so i can just write things quickly .
please integrate kanban from web to the mobile app .
really good app really helpful . but guys if you can change the reminder sound from notification to alarm . plzz
good app but you need to pay a subscription to use it fully . there is n't an option to pay for the app outright which is a shame
app was great , but now i cant set my work end times , only starting due to it being restricted for premium only now after the new update . bad timing guys . uninstalling app .
i have a big problem with this app , daily routine does n't repeat unless i complete it . but somtimes i really could not complete it . then ist stop , why ? ! ! ! !
good app , but im a premium user for more than one year and have been requesting features on the official support forum ( like change dates of lots of overdue dates at once on windows app ) and never even got a response .
have to subscribe to link to google calendars
nice and simple task app , however it is missing a couple of key features that are preventing me from switching over fun my current task app . these are : 1. no ability to set multiple reminders . 2. can not hide tasks until a later date . for annual tasks , i do not wish to see them constantly in my to do list , i 'd like them hidden until a certain date , usually 1 month before due date . furthermore , due to the longevity of the task , i like to be reminded early and then again closer to the time .
this is pretty great but has what i think is a major bug . in the settings you can choose a default for reminders . so , i choose `` an hour before '' . that means , to me , that if i say something is at 2pm , it will remind me at 1pm . however , instead , ticktick sets the task for 3pm and the reminder for 2pm . this is , obviously , wrong . fix that and its 5 stars but as it stands , i now have to set each reminder individually , which is a pain .
i am facing sync issues . yesterday i added a todo from my laptop chrome website . today i did n't get it 's notification on my phone . it 's when i opened the app when i see that it 's being added . this should have been done in the background .
can we please have sub tasks placed under our main task… ? the analytics are not so useful to be honest ..
pretty good app to take notes and lists , +1 for the smart snooze feature . however it 's disappointing that there 's no reliable way of backing up all your data , even with premium . the only option is to log in using a browser and manually export a backup , but an automated scheduled export within the app would be way better .
too many features are premium only
1. notifications comes over my locked screen 2. notifications does n't work properly on time would be very helpful if you add notes .
bad calendar sync
scary . it 's a great program ( have n't put enough into it to see if it has the gtasks sync issues ) but i do n't see a backup option . i 've put information into apps then , years later , they change formats and all data is lost . this can never happen . i need to know that i can always access a given version of the program and local data will always work . todo and microsoft onenote burned me . ( microsoft is extorting , buy office 365 and we 'll allow you access to your prior data . )
passive but good
this tool so cool for todo list
ui needs to be improved
for me . good app .
hi , i change `` start day of week '' in the sitting but in the repeat option , when i check the `` skip weekend '' , the program skip saturday and sunday ! ! ! if first day of week is saturday , then thursday and friday are weekend , please fix it for 5 stars ! this is very important . thanks .
this app used to be helpful , now it does n't give me notifications unless i open the app . when i do open the app , i am slammed with overlapping `` reminders '' . i have tried everything in the settings , but nothing has helped . i like all the other aspects of this app , so it 's a shame that the one thing i need it for does n't work any more .
still evaluating the app , lots of things i thought are not available on free app , must upgrade to premium to use . app good to use so far . that why rating low .
tick tick is brilliant app , i have been using it for almost 2 years and i even subscribe to the upgrade , unfortunately was disappointed that it automatically subscriberd me to auto renewal , without providing me the option to choose yearly renewal . i have since unsubscribed . i would like to upgrade but only if i am allowed to choose yearly upgrade not auto renewal .
impressive
good .
i really liked the app , but could n't find a way to integrate it with my google tasks , which is a most for me . it is a very complete app , i would even consider a premium subscription if it was a one time thing and not a yearly/monthly system . i will check this again in a couple of months to see if it has improved .
the apss so far is the best to do apps i have use , however the tag unable to sort alphabetically , we hav to everytime sort manually , not user friendly . i will rate 5 star if can settle this problem
there is no option for repeated activities is a few hours . i will give 5 star and uninstall todoist if i can set 'every hour / every 3 hour ' . so far , this app is better than todoist .
on my s9+ , it 's started giving notifications some minutes after the event . it actually states it , e.g. , `` 4 minutes ago . '' the time delay varies . i hear the notifications announce on time on my huawei tablet .
i love everything about this app , except for how it handles snoozing repeat tasks . it 's easy to use and has a lot of configuration , something a lot of other apps save for the premium version . unfortunately , i find it unusable due to how snoozing repeat tasks then alters the date/time for all future occurrences , making it difficult to manage these tasks when i just want to snooze it this one time . if this was changed i would give 5 stars and upgrade to premium as the app is otherwise perfect .
pls my dudes , minimize number of clicks to set/edit/delete task 's reminder time . i feel like all i do is tap tap tap tap !
good app , but some feature are to be updated still like , it should actually calculate the petcentage of work done by us on each task and should be more attractive i think so
this app is awesome ! clean ui and great dark mode ! edit : 6 months in and still happy mostly . it would be nice to the the development team take a little more notice of the community . no ifttt , google assistant , or wearos support . wouldnt be so bad if there was an api but that doesnt exist either . the developers have ignored these requests month after month for years . very frustrating !
not sure ... bought the premium subscription for a year ... not sure though . help pages are pretty good so i will keep working with this . i like that it crosses my devices .
sync with google tasks totally broken- tasks are months out of date .
would be great to have notes implement into the app . that way it would be a bit more multifunctional .
hmmm , working good
very costly
to finish scheduling a task , you must click a small arrow in the top left corner . clearly , the development team never tested this becsuse it feels horrible .
nice app but there is a with the tasks syncing with other calendar .
i would gladly pay $ 5 for the premium features of this up , but they want a monthly subscription . i do n't think that 's a fair price at all , but it 's a good app with the free features so ... 3 stars .
would give 5 stars but locking the aync function through a subscription sucks
the app is great , but i really do n't like new dark styles with orange details color ... please add the ability to change details color back to blue ( or some others ) .
my review might be a little skewed because i 'm looking for something specific . i want an app to create an hourly task today , that does n't require me to enter in a reminder for every hour in the day . i do n't really need a task manager because i have 3 built into other apps , and i do n't need a place to keep notes to be reminded about because i also have several apps that do that . really i just want a flexible natural language reminder app .
i 've recently started using ticktick . so far so good . it would be nice if you could alphabetize the items checked off so that they are easier to find when you want to add them back to your list . i have n't found a list system that does that yet .
no internet connection all the time !
functional nothing special
nice app . but , why it doesnt sync with my google acount ? i mean when i add a new task , it does not appear in my gmail task !
a wealth of options and no guidance on how to use them . templates or examples would be useful . if you 're willing to stick with it , you 'll find it very useful . the leaning curve is steeper than it needs to be .
not free
pomo timer is still glitchy .
pretty good . took a while to figure out how to set up a task . too many steps/screens to set reminder time , recurrence etc . i feel those should all be on a single screen . after saving , i ca n't edit . all i get is a prompt screen to sign in or sign up . great feature for some , but i do n't need it . it would be nice if that feature was said to be mandatory in the play store listing . i would n't have wasted my time . 3 stars for the `` forced '' share and the many-stepped interface . seems to be feature-rich .
no timing
great app , better than google 's free one . but paying a subscription for such a simple app has rendered this useless . im happy to oay a one off fee , but im not willing to pay a subscription just access other features . hence why its not 5 stars . its just a to-do list ..... thats all .
can not invite my friend who 's using 滴答清单 to join my list . and idk how to give feedback in the app .
a to do list is a really clever way to look into progress you have made in a day so , it is not just about completing the task it is about looking into the progress you have made by glancing at completed tasks . you do n't get default features to see the competed tasks to enable that you have to go into settings and enable that and if you are not interested in compiled tasks anymore you ca n't just delete those tasks for that you have to select each task individually and then delete it .
it is simple to use.ok for day to day use ..
the app is good but reminders do n't seem to be working .
i like the app on how it organize your tasks . you can customize how you will be reminded and prioritized . unfortunately , the alarm does n't work . it either late or not working at all . i thought if i pay premium , it will fix . but it did n't . so 3/5 .
love the experience . will give 5 starts when there wont be any subscription for pro features . one time purchse is what will make this app perfect .
i love this app but there 's only one problem : i ca n't sign up or sign in . i was able to sign up using google chrome but when i try to do so in the app itself , it does n't work . please can this be fixed ? i would like to be able to sync across devices .
easy to use and calendar is useful . i think its just a cash grab to pay for full month calendar view . but other than that its great
waste of time ... dont download
juat started using this and although it seems to do most of what i need i think it has some basic things missing .
great app . however , i was not able to sync with google calendar and it was a deal-breaker for me . uninstalling ...
it 's better to have biweekly schedule . im using this app to manage my to do list , unfortunately , it doesnt have every other week schedule or biweekly schedule . to be honest i have lot of things to do during that schedule because my oayout is every other week so i really need to have that kind of schedule . olease add that up . thank you .
confusion regarding 'sharing ' your schedule with other team members or subscibers . seriously , would it kill them to put an 'added ' , 'enter ' , or some kind of 'task completed ' button ... it would save a lot of confusion . sending an invite to fellow workers results in a vague link that seems disconnected with the original intention . no 'connect with users ' or anything other than a link . for something that 's supposed to be time management related , i 've wasted hours trying to figure this out .
new features update now please ... : red_heart : :red_heart : :red_heart : ... ! ! !
the tasks may go missing ...
is anything wrong with this app ? i do have to reinstall the app every day ... actually it is excellent , but i am just about to give up with it . i thought that was my phone . but it happens only with this app . could you guys please check what is going on ? i do appreciate it , thank you . thank you for tour reply . it jist disappear from my cel regularly and i have to reinstall it , again and again . i use to move the app from the cel to the sd card . i will try to follow your instructions . thank you .
too costly
vibrates even in silent mode without vibrations ( even on 485 )
fix permissions for 5 stars . great design and ui but you should n't need access to my contacts to login with my google account . google provides an api for it that all other apps use without contacts permissions .
i like it . paying month after month for premium features is n't for me though .
ive been using it up almost 2 years now . its a good app - which i always recommend friends and cowowkers to use it few suggestions : - update the sort ( for task lists ) , so we can sort by other filters - for team tasks , probably add the chat feature
no colour for text which may help to quick seperation of various tasks . at least there shoild be option of colour n font size for list name . very big draw back is when we make a new task we can not add description . we have to save it and then by editing add description . why the description is not incuded while adding new task ? recd your reply . if i need to disable quick add , what is the use of quick add function then ?
respected team , it is not working in oppo f5 . actually it is not reminding me despite off given all the permissions . find out the solutions .
previous it working very fine but now there lots issue with the application . eg . if you had not complete yesterday task it wont allow you complete today tasks even reporting is not working
i would really appreciate if dev focus on improving existing features like natural dates and time rather than adding new features .
missing key features cross platform
ever since i downloaded this app , i 've gotten less lazy , i 've done more work , and i was able to keep track of my tasks needed . i would rate 5/5 stars , but i would like this app to have compatibility on windows or have some sort of chrome extension . if i am mistaken and there is a windows/chrome extension , please notify me . thank you .
love ticktick , it 's almost perfect ! i 'd love to see the following features added : • subtasks within subtasks ( like todoists ) • option to assign repeating tasks to repeat after completion rather than due date . ( i have an automatic cat feeder that lasts five days then i need to be reminded , but if i postpone a day or two and then check it off it sets to repeat five days after the original due date instead of after i check off ) • option to configure inbox behavior ( include tasks from other lists )
great app , but annoying that it limits the number of lists you can make . i can understand limiting * shared * lists on the free version , but not regular ones . functionally it 's great though . i would pay a one time fee to open the pro functions , but not ongoing fees .
my all around power app ! this app has been so useful , that i use it not just for tasks but also my calendar . used to sync with google calendar , but left that to be all ticktick now . this app is right on the money .
it is very good app to manage your to do list . one thing that can make it better is it should show all the incomplete or overdue taks with todays tasks as overdue instead of into inbox . this will make those task more accessible and will keep them under notice .
i did n't understand how to add subtask in `` template '' . i pressed `` save as template '' , but it saved only the name of template . i could n't find any information about template in `` help centre '' . please explain me how to add subtask in template .
the free version is very good so far . most features are free . ive only used a week , but if this app continues to be as useful , i 'll consider premium soon .
excellent app that not only has to do check lists but habit tracking also covered , what i loved most about the app is the 'your thought ' that pops after completing the habits ... genuinely thank you for such app creator ..
this is a great app . the ine thing that would make it better would be if it worked with google assistant , google home , & amazon echo so i could make reminders in ticktick by voice .
the app works great as a digital day planner . the only complaint that i have . i dont see a way to edit tasks after i enter them .
it 's better then the other apps i 've tried . but there should a bottom where it says you could n't do the task instead of just turning the task as an overdue .
i have been utilizing ticktick : todo list for awhile now . its a very solid application that helps ensure the important tasks in one 's life are completed on time .
i was so pleased with the new habit tracker as well as using a true dark mode . however , i do n't agree with the premium policy as i prefer to make a bigger one-time payment ( such as when i bought final cut pro x with apple ) instead of a small recurring subscription that makes me want to go back to todoist . it 's a damn shame as i liked ticktick so much i 'm willing to pay for premium . unfortunately , the subscription policy is an easy deal breaker .
i love this app . only thing that annoys me is how marking a task as complete in one device does n't dismiss notifications on the others .
very useful and flexible for scheduling tasks . it can be better by employing ml to guess the best choice of time for any task .
one of the best apps to boost your productivity . replete with useful features even in the free version . love their habit feature .
excellent calender supplement ! - i 've been using ticktick along side my long term callander ( google calender ) as a planner for my daily tasks and university timetable . and it 's been nothing short of amazing , life changing might sound like a stretch but it 's helped me a tonne when it comes to getting stuffz done . - only thing i 'd ask for is more options or a separate way of planning things like a university timetable to make it faster to add classes etc .
new item menu for actions is horrible ! please bring the old one back . delete action has a bad offset and is rendered behind the navigation bar . it 's so inconvenient
the pomo section could be more useful if it has something like a timer . you set the time you need to focus then do the job rather than just pomo where there is a fixed amount of time 25 minutes at default . you know something like a focus timer , i guess it would not be bad , actually i think this might seem like copying a feature from other apps in your field but is n't it better if there 's more functionality .
wunderlist being killed by microsoft .... seems like most people are coming to this app instead of moving to the recommended microsoft to do . giving this a try .
almost there .. ! this app is the almost perfect solution for my job . i suggest for subtasks to have their own text formatting and check lists . additionally , the summary page is cluttered : if i could turn off task descriptions within the summary , but still keep subtasks , i could better understand my weekly summaries . lastly , i want to mark ( sub ) tasks as not complete if i know i did n't complete a task but i do n't want it showing up as overdue . summary formatting for this would remain the same .
not bad it 's a basic to-do list which establishes days when a project is to be completed and a list of tasks that were uncompleted . uncomplicated and useful . i would like to see the option that shows a job partially completed ... some projects need to be held over and a more customisable repeat process ... every fortnight , or third friday of the week .
i like the simple interface and it helps me set reminders for tasks , schedule them and analyse them .
nearly perfect ! this app has replaced at least three other apps i used to have on my phone . it 's a great utility that forms part of my everyday life . accompanied by an affordable pricing model and not the `` money hungry '' ideology that so many mobile app devs have these days , it 's nearly perfect . i would love to be able to link a habit to a task and see a view of habit progress . like chaining in other habit apps . keep up the great work !
pros : this app is very similar to the functionality of wunderlist and adds features i wanted . free version is fully functional except for the limitation of 9 lists cons : some of the widget buttons are small and i am not a fan of subscription services for premium features ( i would pay a one-time fee , even for each upgrade , but i absolutely wo n't subscribe )
huge amount of functionality in free version . stopped short of 5 * because duplicate functionality v limited . when i duplicate tasks i can not duplicate to any other location than current one and can not change name , and the new name is set as old name plus `` copied '' . would be very helpful to have duplication functionality that i can copy tasks ( or indeed a whole list ) and on copying them can have the duplicates placed where i wish and make choice about naming convention
love the app , but i notice it skips a reminder from time to time .
very good , could have a little more utilities for the free version
amazing functionality ; however , i wish there was a guide for some of the more advanced features .
ticktick looks like a powerful and flexible productivity app but i find the help and support information across platforms somewhat overwhelming and confusing . i think that ( for the easily confused ) it would benefit from a good tidy-up , beginning with a clear conceptual overview of the design philosophy and architecture of the product and the methodology of its use , including flow diagrams and examples , before any specific platform advice .
hi , i previously posted a review to this app and i was furious . i gave it a single star because many choices are premium . but when i started to use the app , i learnt that this is app is really good for productivity . and i am glad that i am using it . i ca n't say it 's perfect without you paying for the premium version but it 's pretty good app . !
great addition to having a calendar . i can set text reminders for to dos from here so i do n't have to clutter my family 's digital calendar with details for my days . took a while to get how the app and folders work , but i have a good system set up now .
please , solve the problem with fast typing ! after i type in the date , letters and numbers remain
ca n't fully scroll to the bottom of the options list of a task . ca n't see the delete option fully .
quite adequate for reminders ; simple and easy to use .
overall good app . interface is easy to use , effective and powerful . would be good if it had better integration with calendars and other services . while many features are free , premium is a continuous subscription and quickly adds up to be very expensive .
i really like it so far . i did have one problem , where i checked off a task i had completed ( that was a weekly task ) and then the following week it did not show up on my list because it had deactivated somehow . i 'm sure they will fix it soon .
great app for task reminders . reminders notifications works well . easy to use .
liked wunderlist better . ca n't add more than one share . i wanted family grocery list .
overall very good , but cant make a task with splitscreen .
great app . still waiting for rtl support and sub folders . please ! !
this app does exactly what you need it to . not perfect , but great at its job .
finally an organised app for notes and daily planning with a modern ui . it works great . only downside is that payments are monthly . i 'd rather pay it immediately . though , in my opinion the app offers sufficient features in the free version .
wow they listened . they added links between task which was my idea . good . if only they could be consistent across platforms . improve rating to 4 stars just cuz the ticktick team is really trying to be better aldous allow us to see the changes you make in the app .
good but needs to increase responsiveness to fingerprint ( takes time to unlock )
useful but slow to synchronize across devices . could evolve to become even more uh ser friendly
nearly the perfect 5 star app , but i have just one gripe , which is that unlike most reminders apps , the due / overdue takes do n't change colour to make it clear at a glance which of your reminders are for now , and which ones are upcoming .
excellent overall , very flexible with many useful features . only suggestion i 'd make for improvement is a feature that as the user if they really intend to complete a task that has been snoozed multiple times .
my go-to todo list app . i 'd love for the habits feature to be improved , though .
been using for about a year . getting more and more useful every day . works well across android , ipad , and windows 10 .
great app . ideal for planning ur day . nice premium subscription
wish it supported sharing , but otherwise a fantastic , simple to do list app
good , simple app that works well . it keeps my to-do list synced between my android phone and web browser on my computer .
not very intuitive sometimes but a useful app i use daily .
after update time picker control is bad . it 's very difficult to pick a time and it takes much more time to pick it . please revert it as it was before . + one : glowing_star : for reverted time picker
very good , have been using it daily for work . however , i really dislike that i can not change the date for one of many recurring events . it changes the whole lot .
one of the best todo apps . i 'm not using the full version just basic as single user . for me the only failing is i want more options on recurring dates e.g . 14th of each month except jan & feb .
i first installed this app on an older tablet where the performance was an issue . since i have installed it on my smartphone it has performed above average .
i love this app and use it constantly , but there does n't seem to be a way to add subtasks in the app . i do n't have access to the desktop version . other than that , great app .
great app , reliable and useful , however would be great if the kanban view was also available on mobile : ) other than that i 'm very satisfied with the app : thumbs_up :
very user-friendly , easy-to-use and well designed app to keep track of all your tasks/lists . too bad the premium version is so expensive
pretty good for me , but in the version i have i ca n't edit a task .
easy to use . a direct link with other apps ( google calendar/ outlook calendar ) would be a great add on .
good app .. but everytime for particular thing should go inside every remainder and check .. other than that . beneficial app . very good .. will recommend this .
pretty good and getting better with feedback . my favourite part is the integrated calendar rather than relying on third party calendar .
great , premium allows for more alarms and reminders . but i do n't have premium so that sucks .
i wish this would sync with my google task , so that i can use it on my computer and ipad .
best to do app for me , just one issue : the pricing is too high for an app of this nature , i want to pay once and forget .
the app is really good but there should n't be a premium version of this app it should be free .
urgent-where is your backup function to externally export task . u would have received a 5 star from me if u had this function . this app has almost everything except most important thing
nice app , use it almost everyday . i wish you had the option to rollover the unfinished tasks for the next day
everything is pretty much amazing but it should have a note tab ( without checkboxes ) where we can put important note not task .
it 's great in reminding to take my meds . want an option to mark tasks as incomplete instead of canceling from list .
like the app but instead of monthly payment , it should have been a one time app purchase
mkbhd suggested this app . the free version is very good . gets my work done .
was a big fan but changed the clock to spinner . scrolling is a pain . why did you guys change it ? bring back the normal clock asap .
very good . how about a tutorial about making best use of ticktick ?
great app for my todos and calendar , would give 5 starts if they fix the `` show in calendar only '' bug
thank you for bringing back the clock time picker ! this app is essential for my daily todos .
great app ! reminders are working and easy to use !
great app but is subscription based app .
incredible app with serious problems of synchronization .
good alternative to todoist with some extra features that were a must for me ex . dedicated calendar .
it would be more useful if user can provide interdependence and correlation between various actions and lists
edit ... the 2-tap reminder set is back . upgraded back to 4-stars .
beautiful design but , i 'd prefer a one time option for the pro version
excellent job . i do n't give you 5 : glowing_star : because i do n't wan na see the panel on status bar when i already completed my tasks . it 's very annoying to me . if you will resolve this problem then i will give you 5 : glowing_star : . insha allah : green_heart : :peace_symbol :
great app , i like recording tasks verbally .
widget remains blank ( tasks do n't appear ) on my oneplus 7pro phone . any suggestions ?
great app . i suggest having more reminder options
have been quite satisfied with premium for a year . would have been so good with a monthly/weekly calendar view for my ticktick tasks , like the web app has . no calendar icon , although the doc vaguely states that there is . guess it has been removed . well , it still has a tiny edge to the competition .
i love this app . the only change i wish they would make is that certain words and all numbers become dates that the app tries to make into a deadline . sometimes i just want to write the word `` tomorrow '' without it thinking that i want to do that task by tomorrow or on tomorrow ( for example )
i 've used all of the popular and some of the lesser known to do list apps . this is by far my favorite . you do n't have to have an account and has more options . but you should for back up purposes . the only problem i have is that when i miss a task , it says due 10 minutes ago when it 's been 2 hours . my tasks do show up on time though . the times vary , but this issue started when i created an account .
in my opinion this is the best task management tool out there . fyi : i 've tried todoist , nirvana , notion , microsoft to-do , wunderlist , google tasks , any.do . none of these apps had that many features that worked so well together as in ticktick . i use this app to plan my every day , and it 's awesome ! i do n't have much money atm ( pun intended ) and ca n't get the premium , but free plan is offering so many features that it does n't hinder my performance here , unlike in other apps .
please add 3rd party app integrations like alexa , microsoft outlook calendar , etc .
really nice clean ui and smooth ux , not laggy at all . you can divide tasks in groups and sub groups , and attach a due date to it and tell you when the task is overdue . the second best thing about this app is the `` plan '' app feature . the feature shows what task you have planned for the day and shows you the task one by one and lets you pick when to do it . very nice feature but how many times you can plan your tasks is limited in the free version . i wish there 's an integrated `` habit app '' feature
it is simply one of the best productivity apps i 've ever used , i would just go and give a five star , but i keep that last star cause living in my country i cant pay for the pro version and it kinda hurts that i see all the options i 've missed , still thanks for all the great free options available
i really wish the calendar was available for non-premium members
love this app - but i have two suggestions to make the habit function even better . possible to implement please ? 1 ) interval tracking - e.g . do a habit every third day . resets to third day following every time the habit is marked as done . 2 ) track a habit less frequently than once per week e.g . once every two months . will subscribe if the app has these two abilities !
really great app , fast and snappy like a to-do app should be like so you do n't miss any thoughts , my biggest issue with this app is that there is no one time pay to buy option for it , while i find it useful i do n't need a lot of the pro features , i am a basic user and need it just to track my personal tasks , as such the monthly payment subscription for the pro version does not make sense to me , why not add a basic pro model , with limited features , that users can outright buy forever .
after the latest update , when i click the 3 dots at the top right to delete a task , i ca n't pull the menu up to click the delete button
very good experience . does what we need .
i wish this would sync with my google task , so that i can use it on my computer and ipad .
excellent app that not only has to do check lists but habit tracking also covered , what i loved most about the app is the 'your thought ' that pops after completing the habits ... genuinely thank you for such app creator ..
i like the simple interface and it helps me set reminders for tasks , schedule them and analyse them .
this is a great app
do you miss astrid ? get this .
pretty good !
so far so good
not very intuitive sometimes but a useful app i use daily .
awesome app . just want one feature , though , namely setting up the feature of an advanced timer for a task if one wants . then will make the rating 5 * from the current 4 * .
great app . i wish it had two features : the ability to add directly to a folder without having to move it . and the ability to resize the widget to a smaller height .
pretty good for me , but in the version i have i ca n't edit a task .
the free version is very good so far . most features are free . ive only used a week , but if this app continues to be as useful , i 'll consider premium soon .
liked wunderlist better . ca n't add more than one share . i wanted family grocery list .
quite adequate for reminders ; simple and easy to use .
ever since i downloaded this app , i 've gotten less lazy , i 've done more work , and i was able to keep track of my tasks needed . i would rate 5/5 stars , but i would like this app to have compatibility on windows or have some sort of chrome extension . if i am mistaken and there is a windows/chrome extension , please notify me . thank you .
i did n't understand how to add subtask in `` template '' . i pressed `` save as template '' , but it saved only the name of template . i could n't find any information about template in `` help centre '' . please explain me how to add subtask in template .
the app is really good but there should n't be a premium version of this app it should be free .
expensive
love ticktick , it 's almost perfect ! i 'd love to see the following features added : • subtasks within subtasks ( like todoists ) • option to assign repeating tasks to repeat after completion rather than due date . ( i have an automatic cat feeder that lasts five days then i need to be reminded , but if i postpone a day or two and then check it off it sets to repeat five days after the original due date instead of after i check off ) • option to configure inbox behavior ( include tasks from other lists )
good
mkbhd suggested this app . the free version is very good . gets my work done .
new item menu for actions is horrible ! please bring the old one back . delete action has a bad offset and is rendered behind the navigation bar . it 's so inconvenient
i have been utilizing ticktick : todo list for awhile now . its a very solid application that helps ensure the important tasks in one 's life are completed on time .
great app ! highly recommend it ! i just wish this app would show the sub tasks in the to-do list .
i love this app . only thing that annoys me is how marking a task as complete in one device does n't dismiss notifications on the others .
good apps . however i want to quit the subscription . could u help me ?
this is a great app . the ine thing that would make it better would be if it worked with google assistant , google home , & amazon echo so i could make reminders in ticktick by voice .
great app for task reminders . reminders notifications works well . easy to use .
this app is very helpful to me !
would be great if all the features were free
does what i need and makes remembering tasks very easy
good program
how can i open pomo timer ? : crying_face :
the app works great as a digital day planner . the only complaint that i have . i dont see a way to edit tasks after i enter them .
ca n't fully scroll to the bottom of the options list of a task . ca n't see the delete option fully .
good but need some options more such as when you make one habit in different day at different time her ca n't help you
one of the best apps to boost your productivity . replete with useful features even in the free version . love their habit feature .
great app . ideal for planning ur day . nice premium subscription
very good
love it
very simple & easy to use reminder/list system . not a lot of fluff & complications a lot of other programs like this do . but just switched from a 5 to a 4 star as security program showed all of my device info is being sent to facebook servers in ca ? please tell me developer is not selling my info to facebook ? ? ? developer has not refuted this for quite a while now ?
this app does exactly what you need it to . not perfect , but great at its job .
great app , but annoying that it limits the number of lists you can make . i can understand limiting * shared * lists on the free version , but not regular ones . functionally it 's great though . i would pay a one time fee to open the pro functions , but not ongoing fees .
pretty good
nice
very useful and flexible for scheduling tasks . it can be better by employing ml to guess the best choice of time for any task .
beautiful
need at least few more levels of subtasks and lists for it to be perfect . otherwise everything is good . love it .
it would be more useful if user can provide interdependence and correlation between various actions and lists
it is very good app to manage your to do list . one thing that can make it better is it should show all the incomplete or overdue taks with todays tasks as overdue instead of into inbox . this will make those task more accessible and will keep them under notice .
compared to google tasks it 's overly complicated and too many menus to set simple things like dates and times .
please , solve the problem with fast typing ! after i type in the date , letters and numbers remain
superb
great app but is subscription based app .
my all around power app ! this app has been so useful , that i use it not just for tasks but also my calendar . used to sync with google calendar , but left that to be all ticktick now . this app is right on the money .
overall an amazing app
great app . still waiting for rtl support and sub folders . please ! !
my go-to todo list app . i 'd love for the habits feature to be improved , though .
overall very good , but cant make a task with splitscreen .
wish it supported sharing , but otherwise a fantastic , simple to do list app
it 's better then the other apps i 've tried . but there should a bottom where it says you could n't do the task instead of just turning the task as an overdue .
one of the best to do list apps i 've used .
amazing functionality ; however , i wish there was a guide for some of the more advanced features .
very good , could have a little more utilities for the free version
good hard to change times
a search bar would be nice .
excellent job . i do n't give you 5 : glowing_star : because i do n't wan na see the panel on status bar when i already completed my tasks . it 's very annoying to me . if you will resolve this problem then i will give you 5 : glowing_star : . insha allah : green_heart : :peace_symbol :
wunderlist being killed by microsoft .... seems like most people are coming to this app instead of moving to the recommended microsoft to do . giving this a try .
useful but slow to synchronize across devices . could evolve to become even more uh ser friendly
not bad it 's a basic to-do list which establishes days when a project is to be completed and a list of tasks that were uncompleted . uncomplicated and useful . i would like to see the option that shows a job partially completed ... some projects need to be held over and a more customisable repeat process ... every fortnight , or third friday of the week .
been using for about a year . getting more and more useful every day . works well across android , ipad , and windows 10 .
one of the best to do list planners in play store
so helpful ! ! !
great , premium allows for more alarms and reminders . but i do n't have premium so that sucks .
love the app , but i notice it skips a reminder from time to time .
excellent calender supplement ! - i 've been using ticktick along side my long term callander ( google calender ) as a planner for my daily tasks and university timetable . and it 's been nothing short of amazing , life changing might sound like a stretch but it 's helped me a tonne when it comes to getting stuffz done . - only thing i 'd ask for is more options or a separate way of planning things like a university timetable to make it faster to add classes etc .
been using it for years and there have been tons of improvements ! great app . just wish you could choose for notifications to come from top of screen instead of the bottom because many times a reminder pops up while i 'm typing and i 'll mistakenly dismiss it .
like the app but instead of monthly payment , it should have been a one time app purchase
awesome to scheduled my job and personal issues !
good but needs to increase responsiveness to fingerprint ( takes time to unlock )
great app with just about every function i want for a task list . love the way it integrates with the calendar . it used to work with google voice activation but that seems to have ceased .
good , simple app that works well . it keeps my to-do list synced between my android phone and web browser on my computer .
very user friendly .
well it 's berfect to have so i ca n't miss any reminders
hii and
very helpful for day to day activities
i was so pleased with the new habit tracker as well as using a true dark mode . however , i do n't agree with the premium policy as i prefer to make a bigger one-time payment ( such as when i bought final cut pro x with apple ) instead of a small recurring subscription that makes me want to go back to todoist . it 's a damn shame as i liked ticktick so much i 'm willing to pay for premium . unfortunately , the subscription policy is an easy deal breaker .
5.5.5.0 : habits widget improved but lacking . needs also single column layout for habits widget . the good : 1. some offline . 2. habits . 3. pomo timer . 4. dark theme . 5. sorting lists ( only paid ) . the bad : 1. too expensive to use basic features . make it $ 10 lifetime . 2. social aspect sucks . needs public leaderboard ( open to free users ) & search find & add users . 3. limited export feature . use titanium backup . share option ok but only one list , need full backup export all . 4. need 100 % offline mode
nāo tem a opçāo de sub tarefas
wow they listened . they added links between task which was my idea . good . if only they could be consistent across platforms . improve rating to 4 stars just cuz the ticktick team is really trying to be better aldous allow us to see the changes you make in the app .
good to use
very helpful
very good ... it is good to keep as a reminder for personal work .
easy to use . a direct link with other apps ( google calendar/ outlook calendar ) would be a great add on .
i decided to update my review because the tick tick team does n't want to implement such a simple feature as 2af protection . many users asked then since 2018 , but they use the same `` excuse '' every time : `` our dev team has n't such plan in my for this year . '' hello , it is 2020 , the application that stores so much sensitive data , there must be 2fa .
jordar
great addition to having a calendar . i can set text reminders for to dos from here so i do n't have to clutter my family 's digital calendar with details for my days . took a while to get how the app and folders work , but i have a good system set up now .
great app , reliable and useful , however would be great if the kanban view was also available on mobile : ) other than that i 'm very satisfied with the app : thumbs_up :
great application ! i use it across all of my platforms , seamlessly . keeps me organized for my day to day , week to week , month to month , and year to year tasks . i can attach documents , pictures , etc for all tasks which is very useful . before ticktick , i used toodeldo . it was okay , but ticktick is just leaps and bounds better than toodeldo . if you want and need organization in your life , ticktick is the application for you !
ok , i 've finally found something to replace my beloved cloudcal and cloudtasks , which seem to have been abandoned , as the dev is communicating nothing to customers . ticktick , has a similar not that steep learning curve , but , once you catch on , it is fast , flexible , efficient , and gorgeous ( i run the dark mode . ) , which is actively updated . my new `` go to '' task manager and calendar . great job , devs !
best to-do app i have used . it offers most of the features that other similar apps also offer , in a very simple user intefface : organize your tasks into lists , use tags , create smart lists , use two-way sync with google calendar . finally , what makes it excel over the competitors for me is that it also works as a daily/weekly planner , since the calendar view allows to drag and drop pending tasks into the day/week and also schedule start and end times for each task .
just got the app about a week ago after downloading and deleting multiple similar apps . ticktick works great , have n't had any problems with the app and it does everything it says it will do without asking you for additional money to use what was advertised as one of the features . this app has really helped me get my life more organized .
wow ! i tried many apps like this . and in my experience this app is the best one ! so easy to use ! after other apps with too many options and not understandable design this app is perfect ! you just click '+ ' and enter the name ! that 's all ! of course if you want you can add time and date and something else . i recommend !
i 'm not usually one to advertise , but seriously , if you are looking to be more organized with your daily , weekly , monthly , yearly , or random tasks , then tick tick may be right up your alley . i downloaded it about a week ago as a suggested upgrade from the gtask tracker app ( which i liked a lot ) and i absolutely love this app , for real ! !
has every feature i could ask for in an app like this , and it 's all executed perfectly . leagues better than any of the other options . i do feel like $ 30 a year is steep for premium , though . for new users , know that premium is by no means necessary ; it just gives you a little more capacity for random operations and unlocks some convenient functionality .
well designed , simple , yet powerful task list app . has a great web app too , which works beautifully in tandem with the smartphone app . use it on a daily basis and has also proved to be the best place to consolidate all my other lists ( you know , the never ending list of lists that seems to keep growing ... )
the dream task/reminder app i have been looking for , and looking for a long time . ui , facilities , features are just amazing . hopefully they do n't ruin it by adding and updating it with pointless , unasked for features like so many other apps ! i 'll enjoy it while it 's good ! also , please do n't over saturate it with features like essential pim , was good at one point but now it 's full of bugs and absolutely dire .
looked for replacement to wunderlist , found a much much better alternative . ticktick is absolutely fantastic . does everything wunderlist did , or i needed it to do , but much better . built in integration for transferring wunderlist data over makes it so easy to start using and the layout and functionality is much more polished than wunderlist . would highly recommend .
beautiful ui/ux design . very easy to navigate and the developers keep adding useful features . if you 're looking for an app with a to-do list feature and a pomodoro timer , ticktick is a great choice . i do n't use the premium version and so far , i 've still been able to access a lot of features . i highly recommend this app .
it 's a very good planner app . i had scoured the play store for dozens of planner apps , but none of their free versions were worth my time . this free version is entirely great on it 's own and without any ads . however , if you 're a student as i am , the duration feature for tasks on the premium app is definitely worth the $ 2.99 a month
i was a longtime wunderlist user , and briefly switched to microsoft todo after i found out it was going to be gobbled up by microsoft . after realizing that everything had to be within the microsoft world to take advantage of full todo functionality , iditched it and discovered ticktick . i would have used ticktick from the get-go if i knew it existed ! this is an awesome app .
it has everything i need . seemless synchronization across devices . habit tracker . dark theme . calendar . and a whole lot more ! i 'm usually not a fan of paying monthly for a to-do app but this one is so well made i do n't mind paying $ 2.99 monthly at all . hoping to see some more themes in the future . : )
i 've tried many productivity hacks , tools , and methods . this app is something that has stayed consistent throughout . it has everything you need in one place , no ads , and the pro features are for things that are extra , like for a company or team . my favorite part is how much you can customize every to-do list , folder and sub-folder to go with your personal style of working . definitely worth downloading .
this app is amazing ! i use it for many tasks that are continuous and i mostly do n't remember and it keeps me up to date with those tasks . i did have an inconvenience with the pomodoro timer being cancelled at the middle of it , but i do not use that feature a lot so i still give it a 5 star review
i love the fact it covers different and very specific areas i need for my productivity - a daily task schedule with sub tasks - a calender to plan my roadmap , project lists for my work and to collaborate with my team , even assign tasks to them , and just recently , the new daily log in the habits is really helping me form new habits . i love the fact that most of the important features are free , it makes it easier to work with my team without them using premium like i do , and they learn it easily
i like this app so much . it 's user interface is simple and easy to use . in addition , it 's a versatile app as it combines the features of many different applications , for instance , it 's a to-do list , pomodoro , and a habit tracker . all in one . it has helped me alot to organise my life and i really appreciate it , so it deserves the 5 stars . i recommend this app to everyone .
i love this app ! i can set times , and my tasks will appear in that order . i can set several reminders . when i click done , the task goes to the bottom under completed . the app keeps track of my productivity . i like that i can group my tasks in categories . i especially like that when i click on the date , all of my tasks automatically appear . i do n't have to be overwhelmed by how much i have to do . i just take 1 task at a time . there 's even a promo timer embedded to help me stay on track .
the most intuitive app ever ! over the years i 've tried numerous self-management techniques and apps , but this is the best by far . i love that it combines so many personal productivity functions in one , including pomo timers , kanban boards , habit tracker , smart reminders etc . best by far is the minimalist , flexible calendar . the devs have done an incredible job ! update : months later and i still love this and use it daily : )
phenomenal experience . it has everything i need including the ability to schedule recurring tasks which is something i was especially looking for in a to-do app . happily paying monthly for this it has really helped . though there are other habit tracking apps that i really like right now , i am also trying out their habit tracking feature
needed a replacement for wunderlist . looked at several disappointing options before finding ticktick . it has everything i liked about wunderlist plus it has nice extras like formatting in task notes and it lacks some of wunderlist 's annoying behaviors . it also did the best job importing from wunderlist . the best alternative to wunderlist . period .
this was fantastic for my daily workplan . so easy to do . i was up and running after 10 minutes . very easy to edit like move tasks to next day or another date if not complete . you can add real time to tasks helpful for setting up order of priority on list . you can select those tasks that repeat and set them up . it has an alarm reminder my husband downloaded it and can do many org things too . get it .
it 's very good . works on mobile and pc and it 's easy to organize , you 're able to nest lists , and it 's easy to move them between lists or between different days . several different options for viewing your tasks , by category , by priority , or by day or week .
i 'm a teacher and there are so many little things to do that pop up unexpectedly in my work . ticktick has helped ease the mental load of remembering them all , and it 's more useful than a paper list as your phone is always handy . i think i even sleep better because i have less stress about keeping up with tasks . it 's easy to reschedule tasks that you do n't get to on a given day . i also enjoy the habit-forming function !
so far so good ! i 've used other reminder apps . with add i have to have reminders of nothing would get done . this one let 's me snooze the stuff i want to procrastinate on . or if i need to be annoyed by the reminder , i can do that too . all around good app .
really helpful for daily scheduling , lists and calendar , and nicer look than competitors . habit function could be smoother and stickier , with timed reminders and a quick check box like the tasks plus a visual of the streak -- do n't need two steps and a graphic every time i take my vitamins .
absolutely replaced wunderlist , for me . devs are responsive to suggestions . with one or two extra features ( richer data for pomodoros , a handful of 3rd-party integrations to handle automated tasks ) , ticktick could replace several other apps i use , too . love it .
i have been using this for a long time now and it 's really useful for me especially when i need reminders to do certain things on a daily basis , or weekly . though it can get annoying when you 're doing something and it pops up but overall , it 's an app i recommend !
ticktick is complex enough that it can handle all the things i need to dump out of my brain , but simple enough that it gets out of my way and causes very little friction . it 's a well polished app and offers quite a lot in the free version .
by far the most streamlined and easy way to keep my tasks organized and clean , all in one place ! i love the compatibility with google calendar . it 's so simple and not as complicated as some other reminder apps . it just works .
an amazing all in one ; to-do list , pomodoro app , calendar app , habit tracker ... i have made a video about it and all the people who have tried it , were impressed by it . i just love it . : red_heart : . thinking truly about purchasing the full version .
i really like ticktick , i have a decent memory but as a day goes on there is always something missed . i always set a task if i know it needs to get done amd and its done . not to mention i have never had a single issue with the app not working .
it has everything i wanted ! i really love the habit integration and at first i did n't know you could back date habits but you can so now i am very excited to use this app long term and see how it goes . beautiful design too !
i was a todoist premium user ( loved todoist ) but the calendar view and list folders converted me over to ticktick premium . i prefer ticktick 's ui , widget , and task entry as well . if you like todoist you 'll like ticktick , but ticktick has some extra polish in places that i appreciate .
i used to use todoist for years but after switching to windows for my computer i realised how onesided their platform is . ticktick is a great all rounder with all features available on all platforms and that makes it worth the subscription and 5 stars for me .
after microsoft announced the end of wunderlist , i started using this app because of its similar ui and organizational capabilities . been using it ever since with my girlfriend . works for everything i need it to work for .
just about the best when it comes to getting organized and planning your day to day tasks . love having the option to collaborate with others and the pomo timer is a real plus to stay focused on a specific task .
this app is exceptionally great . i wanted to shift on google tasks due to it 's integration all over the place but this app is also cross platform compatible . ticktick is 1-2 steps away of being the ultimate app for daily task , habit management tool .
this application is the best for to do task . i think it is more than you expect it will fulfill your all requirements . it has most creative function that you have n't imagine . thank you so much developers .
genuinely i have tried a bunch of different to do apps and this one is by far the best . genuinely has every feature that you 'd want , you can organise things in so many different ways . big props .
this is a really good app ! feature-rich free version , notifications work perfectly , several widgets to choose from , lists , and ability to share lists with other people - what else can i wish for ?
still exploring the features but excellent and by far the best of the todos i 've looked at . addendum : having been using the app for a few months now , i can thoroughly recommend . does everything that i need .
free version limits you to 9 checklists , but ad-free , intuitive and extensive functionality are totally worth it . best feature imo is shared lists and ability to assign tasks to certain people .
just does everything it should , allows you to configure alot but all the defaults are good , syncs across many platforms and allows you to email tasks . much better than todoist and feels like wunderlist on steroids .
one of the best to do app in playstore . this combines the strength of gtd & pomodoro and lot of customization options . hats off to the developers ! you guys have really added value in my life through this app . thank you .
best todo list/organizational application i have found . i have tried many different apps like this one before finding ticktick . it 's proven extremely useful for organizing my day to day tasks and chores .
so far ? best alternative to wunderlist i 've found . works for my brain . great features . ad-free . synch . thank you to the developers for making all essential features free .
i think it serves the purpose very well , as a todo list , with reminder categories functions . user interface is user-friendly too . thanks !
love this app . very easy to use and has a great system of organizing tasks . also the reminders are very helpful . basically vital to my college experience .
my life is a million times more organized with ticktick . i just wish that they 'd do a one time payment rather than subscription , but i 'm sure they 've done their market research . love them !
the app i was using before was closing and changing into something else . so i did some research and this was very popular . rightly so , as i prefer it to what i was using before . great app
just a awesome app ! ! update : this app has really helped with my adhd ! still love the app . now if i could do email from it . it would be the best app i have ever downloaded .
this app has helped me organize my life and start habits that i 've always been wanting to . also , it has a pomo timer that helped me get many projects done . great app !
the free version is all i need . it synchs with my calendar & offers alarms and reminders . very easy access through the notification screen -- one of its best features !
great way to track tasks . reminders , priorities , repeating tasks are hugely helpful to keep me on top of what needs to be done .
i use this app as a recommendation from some writer in medium . i 've been using for a month and it 's amazing . i can plan and complete all my tasks !
i love the app , it 's simple and efficient , with a smart interface that easily organizes my day . support and response is also quick and helpful .
total game-changer . no glitches on the mobile version . excellent filtering capabilities . used it for 270 straight days and counting
so helpful . great way to keep track of tasks , notes , info , and appointments ! appreciate the cross-platform functionality : smiling_face :
excellent ! plan your day by the hour ! this is what i 've been looking for for years . also , tick tick supports some amazing , innovative widget modes .
so easy to use . really help me who 's such an untidy person . there 's a pomo and really help me to count how much time that i 've spent in one session .
love ticktick . it 's the perfect organization tool for me . so well designed and has all the features i need . well done !
love this app . my favorite part is the helpful and intuitive snooze feature on tasks . quick preset time ranges or ability to get specific make reminders easy to manage .
tick tick has been very easy to use and very handy . i use it for both business and personal use and find it very easy to collaborate lists with other people and create lists
actually ... it 's pretty darn good . yes you pay a subscription for full functionality but if you have a lot of projects and other stuff to track it 's worth it . i also have to say that i love that there is a nice chrome extension/widget ( whatever ) ... so nice to be able to work on the desktop as well . yes onenote is good but honestly ticktick is much much better for tracking tasks with due dates imo . cheers !
helps me at work soooo much ! perfect program . ca n't think of anything that would make it better . i 'm a type a list maker . love it !
this app is actually good for daily routine . things which i like : - 1. ui 2. optimization 3. functionality 4. dark ui 5. no ads 6. no charges
such an incredible app made my life well organised well handful notification settings are pretty good i think you really do n't need the pro subscription and if u use it alot then u can go for it for students like me its pretty much get the work done
pretty good so far . it does just what i need . widgets , attachments , small line below the main description , ... i just miss the undo feature the free version had .
perfect ! a calendar with the opportunity to create notes for everyday or other notes on the side . i just love it !
fantastic task list for personal and teams , calendar , pomodoro timer , and habit tracker . this one app does pretty much everything , it 's fantastic .
one word to describe this app is amazing . ultimate app for to-do and habit tracking . after many years a single app has impressed me so much . highly recommended : thumbs_up :
i get notifications on time , and this app has various features , including pomodoro , all in one . super happy with the present .
simple and intuitive . i do n't even know for sure how long i 've been using ticktick , but at the time i tried multiple free to-do list apps , and this one was by far my favorite . it allows my tasks to auto reset on a schedule of my choice . i get reminders for the day , but can also set reminders ahead of time ( down to a specific time of day if preferred ) .
went very well before my payment for my premium subscription can not be proceeded . please help me fix this issue . thank you .
i use the app daily for routine planning and habit tracking . multi-device app with constant improvements by the developer , the app keeps on getting better
have been using this since 15+ days . a must have app those who focus on being productive everyday . habit tracker is a big plus . kudos to the team .
syncs across android and ios devices . can manage tasks and arrange them according to priority and has a file management system for different tasks needed .
so far , i am in love . this is exactly what i have been searching for to organize all of my todos . the folder feature is the best and i think this will finally bring me into the world of digital calendars . not to mention the feedback feature is super helpful to instantly get you on the right track with how things work .
these guys rock , i had to switch my rating to 5 stars . since i pay for premium the app improved a lot . i also tired other well known apps but i think this one is the best right now : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
excelent app , use it daily . sortable tasks , sortable sub tasks , many reminder options . see only what you need to do today , or this week , or customize date using widget . paid version is worth it too . i have had the servers go down a couple of times in the last few months , may change rating of it becomes a regular problem .
super helpful and has definitely increased my productivity as a student . would have loved to have discovered it years ago . great job devs !
i really like this app ! it has many options for personal organization and is more helpful than any other app i 've tried yet .
nothing better . not sure how many years i have used this , 5+ years @ least , i have tried everything out there , but nothing works as well . first , it 's easy . second , it 's minimal , i do n't spend more time setting up , organizing , etc . i spend my time doing what i need , not taking time in the app third , it 's every where i need to access it . is just easy and fast and i particularly love the reminder feature . i used it free for awhile , but have happily had premium for years .
latest update corrected a previous issue , and developer was very good about replying to my messages . use this app every day .
this app has made our lives so much easier ! my husband and i have two kids under 3 which means we have to schedule daycare drop offs/pick up 's , packing lists , doctors appointments , prep for soccer/swimming/gymnastics . this app has brought the closest thing to order we can have in our chaotic lives . our friends have seen how we used it and downloaded the app for themselves as a result . highly recommend using it as a shared task list with your spouse ! !
a very useful app . it helps timely completion of your tasks . thanks a lot , developers .
i have used wunderlist for about 5 years , but now its being retired . i tested and tried 10+ apps since then , and none were that great . i stumbled upon ticktick , and wish i had started using it years ago . ticktick has much greater customization options , and does a great job of incentivizing completion of tasks via feedback . it has made my life much easier . i do wish the widget had options to change how it appears , the `` to dos '' do not have breaks between them .
i love this app ! i can literally organize my entire life with this app and not worry about it . i make grocery lists , set reminders for appointments , create subtasks , and this isal all with the free version . if i need to make other arrangements i can do that with a few adjustments with the date and time . this is the first app i 've seen in several years that may be worth the paid version . just what i need !
there is all-in-one combine . i absolutely excited . all function realized perfectly . : check_mark_button : pomodoro : check_mark_button : tasks , subtusks , folders : check_mark_button : calendar : check_mark_button : availability to see all completed tasks in calendar : check_mark_button : stats : check_mark_button : formated description ( numerical lists , bold , headers etc ) all i need i have in this app . i little bother about restrictions for free version . monthly price is high enough for my using case . but nowadays i do n't need to buy full version . app is brilliant , i have checked a lot of todo/dairy/organizers
it is not an exaggeration to say that the colorful , customizable , syncable , endlessly-useful ticktick has changed my workflow , productivity , & life . there are some improvements i 've hoped they 'd make -- the ability to determine an est . amt of time for a task ( aside from pomodoro/calendar ) ; including a habit tracker in the computer software in addition to the phone -- but it 's 5 stars even with those elements lacking , and that 's why i am a loyal customer who has recommended it to everyone i know .
moved to ticktick when wunderlist announced it would become microsoft todo . i 'm loving it so far . better than wunderlist . specially the web app .
incredibly useful app . very good for making lists . not that great for habit forming but that 's fine .
this app does exactly what i need it `` to do '' ! i love that it integrates with google chrome ams synchronizes across all of my devices ! 5 stars !
this app helps me stay organized with my online work during quarantine . it reminds of assignments that are overdue and lets me set priorities for each assignments . really helpful app if you 're a procrastinator like i am .
this is exactly what i needed . the customizations are really in-depth and very helpful . i opted for the 2.99/mo subscription and so far it 's already worth it . it 's like a better version of google calendar . look at your daily routine and upcoming tasks at a glance . it 's super intuitive . within a half hour i set up my daily routine and upcoming events with absolutely no problems at all . if you 're a busy person and need a way to organize your life , this is the app you need .
i could rate this app with 6 stars , it is the best task manager app i 've found ever and it is cross-platform , nice work ! !
this app is simply the best for organising yourself . it 's so customisable , i really love how you can not only set exact times and dates , you can then get those reminders to repeat however you want - do you want to be reminded every second wednesday of the month ? no problem . do you want reminders only during weekdays ? sure ! also , my love for this app has grown considerably since i found out you can set location based reminders - and you do n't even have to pay for it ! fantastic app , a++
tried a few different apps over 2 years but always came back to ticktick . works well for me , aligns to me needs and i find it intuitive . i 'd recommend , especially since it offers a lot of features which are premium in others apps . unsolicited advice to anyone looking for a to-do app : there is no app that works best , no one-size-fits-all . unfortunately you need to test a bunch and decide which works best for you .
this has made my life so simpler and better . amazing planner app . sync across all the devices . sub task can be added . task can be allotted to your team . this is superb . they deserve much more appreciation then they get .
perfect for a busy bee ! i do a lot in a day , this app helps me categorize my time on my busiest days by setting times , dates and reminders for all my tasks that need to get done , love it !
this app have everything from ui to features without costing much .. best in the market .
best to-do app i 've come across .
awesome app . i found in this app exactly i want . with this app all tasks can be completed in a very organized way with proper timing
suka banget lengkap banget fiturnya !
clean design , easy interface , keeps me on task .
to-do list is so much easier to achieve than before ..
nice app
it has made me more productive than ever
good app , does what i need it to .
most productive application
love this apps . would be great if can aks before delete task
seems to be usable , i am too accustomed to wunderlist , i wish i could star items to be put on a starred list
best app
enables you to sandwich your productivity in double slices of focus . it 's definitely my go-to planner .
great app
the best app in this area . i could only suggest that a functionality is tracking the progress of a task could be offered ( a board with doing , blocked , completed , etc columns )
i love this app , it keeps me organized and is simple to use . it has a lot of features in the free version but isnt too complicated . some apps try to do too much , not this one , it does what i need and it does it well . i love the feature to make lists or schedule tasks , set a tasks priority , or quickly move it to tomorrow when i 've over scheduled myself . highly recommend .
great !
amazing
best to do list app better than anything
best tasks app ever . clean interface . does the job perfectly
an all in one app for todo lists , remainders , habit trackers and pomodoro timer . and i have n't even bought the premium version yet .
best task app . in free version very useful . i hope they do n't disable options what are now for free .
after many years of android , finally found the perfect task app . plenty of category and reminder options , and seamless sync to the cloud with a web based interface .
great app ! a good replacement for wunderlist . supports all platforms , and has all the important feature whilst remaining very easy to use ( unlike some of the competition ) . i would love having a slightly better widget . the current one does n't look very good ( the tasks are n't in boxes ) , and there 's not a good support for rtl writing . i suggest aligning the text to the left even when having rtl text , so every task is on the left side and it 's not mixed up .
amazing app . beats the even best ones out there . good work . keep it up .. keep improving ..
very helpful
too good .
this app is great for everyday planning : to plan shopping or fast task , equally good for planning big projects . keeping on track with your habits and stay focused with pomo . fast , powerful , lite
this just helps structure your life so better ....
i 'm pretty picky with task apps - ticktick is one of the best i 've used . good functionality with flexible usage models .
it 's very good apps
love for scheduling but more for grocery lists !
really great . since i had installed this application i can do my works on time and very well .
it is inviting , which makes it very usable .
amazing app . perfect blend of features and polish . one thing i got ta appreciate is that even to new users who have n't decided on subscription yet , it 's so clean . no in-the-face buy me messages . it 's so clean . and polite . the subscription is totally worth it since it really does offer that much . love it . kudos to the team and community for making it what it is .
the best planner app i 've ever used
it 's really a great app which can help you organize your day and be more productive : blue_heart :
its a very useful app ..
best todo app for me . simple to use .
really good alternative for wunderlist that i wa using before . this one have more features and syncs very well for collaborative use .
awesome
one word to describe this app is amazing . ultimate app for to-do and habit tracking . after many years a single app has impressed me so much . highly recommended : thumbs_up :
such a great app . i use it dozens of times each day !
awesome
the app i was using before was closing and changing into something else . so i did some research and this was very popular . rightly so , as i prefer it to what i was using before . great app
best app for planning and scheduling ... jst bless u developers
i like it
excellent balance between reminding you and not being annoying . well done .. i have some ideas for you .
wonderful app to keep you up to date and to remind you to complete your tasks in time .
good app for helping me organize daily tasks
has been using this app since last 7 months and everything goes better . thank you so much . really worth downloading it : smiling_face_with_open_hands :
without question the best to-do list app . it has the most customizations and functionality when compared to any other . integrates seamlessly across devices . good free features , good paid features -- fair .
something great : revolving_hearts :
finally , a simple planner that works for me !
it 's very good . works on mobile and pc and it 's easy to organize , you 're able to nest lists , and it 's easy to move them between lists or between different days . several different options for viewing your tasks , by category , by priority , or by day or week .
best in the business : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
best to do list app . i 've tried so many to do list app bit this is certainly the best !
this app is a gold standard for life and work management .
please extend the beta program with more seats : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
great application
fine apk
good app for daily reminder
very useful .
excellent tool !
simple and to the point .
so easy to use . really help me who 's such an untidy person . there 's a pomo and really help me to count how much time that i 've spent in one session .
best free version todo list app
i have been using this for a long time now and it 's really useful for me especially when i need reminders to do certain things on a daily basis , or weekly . though it can get annoying when you 're doing something and it pops up but overall , it 's an app i recommend !
i use this app as a recommendation from some writer in medium . i 've been using for a month and it 's amazing . i can plan and complete all my tasks !
wow ! i tried many apps like this . and in my experience this app is the best one ! so easy to use ! after other apps with too many options and not understandable design this app is perfect ! you just click '+ ' and enter the name ! that 's all ! of course if you want you can add time and date and something else . i recommend !
have been using this since 15+ days . a must have app those who focus on being productive everyday . habit tracker is a big plus . kudos to the team .
just a awesome app ! ! update : this app has really helped with my adhd ! still love the app . now if i could do email from it . it would be the best app i have ever downloaded .
perfect ! a calendar with the opportunity to create notes for everyday or other notes on the side . i just love it !
simple and efficient
needed a replacement for wunderlist . looked at several disappointing options before finding ticktick . it has everything i liked about wunderlist plus it has nice extras like formatting in task notes and it lacks some of wunderlist 's annoying behaviors . it also did the best job importing from wunderlist . the best alternative to wunderlist . period .
very useful application . intuitive and lots of features . thanks !
simply the best app for productivity . best user interface out there and best reminder service . offers great widgets too .
cool
great ! easy to use !
love this app . my favorite part is the helpful and intuitive snooze feature on tasks . quick preset time ranges or ability to get specific make reminders easy to manage .
it 's a really great app : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
the best app for planning i met .
very useful .
best to-do app
tick tick has been very easy to use and very handy . i use it for both business and personal use and find it very easy to collaborate lists with other people and create lists
it 's a very good planner app . i had scoured the play store for dozens of planner apps , but none of their free versions were worth my time . this free version is entirely great on it 's own and without any ads . however , if you 're a student as i am , the duration feature for tasks on the premium app is definitely worth the $ 2.99 a month
great apk
loved the way to add due time of tasks
it 's a wonderful app
excellent ! ! !
easy to use . keeping track of all my tasks and appointments
非常棒 整体也很简洁明了 非常喜欢 : red_heart :
very good app
very good
completa y sencilla . muy intuitiva . me baje 6 app parecidas y las compare , elegí ticktick
this amazing app : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : :OK_hand : :thumbs_up :
an excellent application
i love it except , and this is a big issue for me , it 's totally server based . want to update anything , but have a bad internet connection ? too bad , it 's either going to take forever or fail . i would use and maybe even pay for this app to just have a way to have everything first be saved on my device . so , back to hunting for a to-do app . edit 3/23 : i have to drop my review on this to 1 star . you can manually edit values within the app for stats making any it unreasonable that i need internet .
buggy as all hell . the advertisement is right . it gamifies tasks ... but that 's it . no tracking history of your habits . inaccurate as all hell . worst of all is you ca n't delete your account . they 'll forever keep your data . i 'm sure that 's illegal in parts of this country and around the world . definitely do n't use your real email to sign up to test it out .
i should be able to use the app when offline , and the app should sync the changes whenever connected to the internet . it should n't force me to connect with the internet for ticking a checkbox !
the first 2 slides are black and i ca n't see character in the character creation . some message saying `` path 'profile ' required habitica ... i hope this gets fix soon . until then i i 'll wait .
the two starting pages were blank , same as character customization . i saw another comment and there 's any new version to update . i was excited to try this app but i could n't : (
i was looking forward to using this app . but it wont even let me pick out an avatar . things just go blank on the app and tells me i 'm missing information when i clearly am not . what a bummer
would love to actually get started with this app , but for whatever reason i ca n't even build my avatar . none of the options for selecting what i want my avatar to look like actually show up on the screen , they 're all completely invisible .
completely unusable on android right now . everything is blank or not loading . downloaded and deleted right away which is unfortunate because it looked like something i 'd be really interested in .
does n't seem to work on op 6t , can go through character creation , but doesnt let me customize or select anything . half of the ui shows up blank .
it does not seem possible to have a simple shopping list shared with another person ... nice app , but useless .
app has many bugs . 1. start screen does n't display first 3 slides . user creating is totally not functional . i 'm using both android 9 and android 10 same bugs .
blank screens when initially launching , character creation screen missing most assets but still semi functional . unable to begin . oneplus 6t a10
ca n't even start it properly . just says `` path 'profile.name ' is required . ''
the app is broken right now . downloaded today to try it out and the first two slides were blank . character creation is all blank . unfortunately deleted but was looking forward to trying . this has been catalogued by others . when its fixed i 'll try again but so far it seems that this app is only really properly supported for iphone users . ( i have a samsung s9 )
unfortunately i can not sign up or sign in . by google account or email . i tried a lot . from iran
app broken , do n't bother . like many many other reviewers , this app is totally broken and defunct on android devices and specifically galaxy s10 / note 10 devices . it seems the developer response to all of those reviews is `` please report a bug '' but this has now been an issue for months that they have n't looked into fixing despite dozens of notifications from users that their app is broken . i have instead now downloaded an app by another developer which actually works . i will not be back .
i had really begun to depend on this app and was having fun . then i downloaded the update . i now have nothing . not even the image of an avatar , there 's just nothing there . i have no experience , no level , no coins , nothing . i was having a really awful day and this was just icing on the cake . there was so much i put into this game . how can i remember all of the tasks i scheduled for myself ? i am so so discouraged .
same issue as don smith who wrote a review on 10/10/19 . will consider this app but the lack of slide visuals and character visuals makes the app in-op . current phone is the google pixel 4xl ...... perhaps i misspoke in regards to the reply . my issue is not with the visuals but the lack of visuals . everything is blank for me so literally can not see half of the content .
you need internet access and the server has to be up on their side for you to be able to access your to-do list . server has been down today and i cant check off or edit my to-do list due to that . going to be deleting this app . most other to-do lists work offline .
ca n't even log in . seems to stop working or freeze up every time . just downloaded the app for the first time , ca n't make a new account or log in . waste of time , will be looking for other apps that actually let me get past the log in screen .
wanted to try this , but it does n't seem to properly load images to create my character or load tutorial pages so i ca n't even continue from the create screen . seems like it 's broken ...
app is completely broken . ca n't even make an avatar -- none of the options show up . also , get an error message when trying to show a display name
doesnt work the main screen is stuck i can move to the next page .
want to like it . so far half of the set up items are n't even showing up for my samsung s8 . all the purple screens are blank . was excited to try but it does n't work .
it 's completely broken , things do n't show up , error codes from the very beginning , it 's just broken
ca n't log in . the password input is shorter on the in-app login than both the reset password field as well as the login form on web , so my correct password is rejected
i could n't register , the circle rounds and rounds .. and nothing happens
does n't show character customisation , think it needs an update
broken from the start , ca n't do anything
path profile name is required glitch when trying to make avatar on galaxy s10
the website works but the app is blank .
this app is completely unusable on my note10+ the account creation is riddled with errors and when i finally get into the app , i ca n't click on any items or add a new item without the app instantly crashing . i was excited by the premise and motivated to start using it , but the experience was downright embarrassing . i 'd love for a developer response here to acknowledge these problems and maybe offer some solutions .
great concept , but i ca n't even create an avatar . this is a constant bug listed in reviews . the company says that your selections should show up after you start actually using the app , but how can they when we ca n't even actually choose anything . i guess i 'll try one of the competitors apps .
i really want to use this app , but on my galaxy s10 , the first 2 of the 3 slides in the introduction before logging in , are blank . the character visuals on the character customization are invisible , and on the settings menu , i scroll down and the options start to overlap each other ( hard to describe ) . i will consider reinstalling after the graphical issues are fixed because it seems like a great app , but currently it 's unusable for me .
this app has some major problems . it seemed to work fine for the first day of running . after the first day no reminders were executed . any game armor or weapons could never be equipped . it appeared you could equip them but once you left the screen they become unequipped and they never showed up on the avatar . i mainly got this app for productivity and since the reminders do not work i 'm not certain i 'm going to continue using it unless these problems are fixed .
my phone is a samsung s8+ . the introduction screen is mostly blank , and the character customization seems to be broken because your character and customization options do n't show up . i didnt go any further .
quite disappointed with this app . is used to be fine for past years . currently is really slow when checking my task and is so frustrating at times . this app need improvement on the server and at times server down : ( .
as soon as i downloaded the app and made a new account , i could n't create a new character because under the body , skin , and other options to make your character was blank . when i changed my display name , i got a weird message for 'profile.name ' required . the randomize button did n't even work for me either . i left originally because there were many bugs with to-do 's and other things and i 'm not confident it 's functional past the character creator , so i do n't see a point to continue . on the s10e
busted from the start . on the first open of the app i got a 3 pane swipe intro and the first 2 were blank purple screens . then , on the avatar creation screen the avatar was n't visible . when finally getting in to the app the `` help text '' bubble did n't point at anything , just the bottom of the screen for the whole dialogue . this app sounded interesting but it seems there 's a complete lack of interest in quality .
downloaded this app hoping for a fun way to form new habits , but when i get to the register screen the first two tutorial panels are blank and then the third one lets you link social media accounts . then i ca n't save the username and display name i create , and the avatar generator screen does n't load any options . opened the app the next day to find nothing i could edit had been saved . uninstalled and tried registering again with a different account and got the same results . pretty disappointed
app has no images on s10+ and is completely unusuable
i kept getting empty screens when opening the app , so i pressed skip . filled out the registry info and was taken to character creation where i could n't see my character or the build options . i could select things like body or hair , but nothing appeared relating to that .
this seems like a fun idea , and was recommended to me as especially helpful for people with adhd , so i was intrigued . unfortunately , i have encountered a bug where when i get to the screen where i choose my screen name and username , i can not press the next button after filling out the name and username . then , when i exit the app and go back to it , it 's the default character and i can not customise it/my account .
dl 'd to try this app out , but could not get past the initial setup . buttons missing labels or information , lethargic loading issues , and the graphics are really sub par for what other games host currently . even the initial avatar appearance has most things locked behind a pay wall , and keeps putting me in a wheelchair ! the idea behind the app has a lot of potential , and would be a joy to see if they can make it better and working properly . will have to wait and see . as is ? not functional .
i really wanted to love this app . it looks amazing & has so much potential . however , the app does not sync to your timezone . my day does not reset at midnight , despite what the app says . when i try to change the reset time to match up with the incorrect timezone , it keeps switching back to midnight . so my day randomly resets , usually around 6 or 7 pm . sometimes , the day does n't reset for more than 24 hours . & my avatar takes damage for the `` missed '' day . makes it impossible to effectively use . : (
installed it and it glitched and did n't display many of the images on the 'create your avatar ' page . immediately uninstalled .
super buggy on android , have to close and open constantly for anything to work .
so many portions of the app we 're not appearing on the screen from the get go , including the first two screens entirely , and even the avartar selections .
pretty disappointed that the first wall i hit is having to login or register . i get the whole cloud saving thing but at least give me the option and let the risk fall on me for data loss . the app looked promising and i was really impressed with the bit of pixel art i got to see . however , i 'm not sure i want to sign up and allow access to my details or habits just yet .
i downloaded this app because i thought that the game concept for to-do lists would be really cool . opened the app just after downloading and tried to register an account and it would n't let me log in . waited another hour and it still was n't working . call me impatient but i just could n't use an app that refused to work .
need to be online to use this app . in case you make changes in offline mode . it does n't sync automatically when online . you need to again make those changes . enable offline feature and offline data should be synced when ever we are online . once this is done , you got my 5 star .
ever get a phone call from a salesman whom you do n't remember giving your phone number out to ? this is the app that does it . it reads your phone number and identity and uploads it to the cloud where it can later be sold to the highest bidder . this app makes sure that it gets your identity because you have to login before you can even use it . once you log in , the game is a huge disappointment . mypoli has everything over this .
just starting and learning how to use . unable to set correct due date on tasks . when i select that task has a due date , todays date appears . when i click that date the calendar displays . allgood so far . but when i select a date on the calendar and close it , the due date is still today .
requires being online to use . which is a shame because it looks like a fun way to get motivated . would use if it did n't require constant network or wifi connection ( i live and work in rural areas ) . had to uninstall due to inability to use throughout the day .
it 's broken . i try to create my account and i ca n't even use the name i want or customize my character . it 's just broken . nothing displays .
first thing i did when i installed the app was disable notifications and yet i still get constantly spammed with notifications all day long . that aside , the app is poorly made . ui is very buggy . chat functions are glitchy and do n't update mezsages correctly . sometimes the main ui responds to nothing . you can switch tabs and nothing changes till you close and open the app again . almost all fun and worth while content is locked behind a paywall or subscription .
app is no longer functional . cant even start app without it malfunctioning . cant change username or character . it was fine before the update !
there seems to be no way to actually mark a task as complete , so i had to delete the tasks i actually did complete and therefore have not gotten in-game rewards . there is also no way at all to contact support . if you join the habitat help guild that is supposed to allow you to ask questions , there is no obvious way to post a question there . there is a button to leave the guild but not one to post a question . this app is terrible and is a waste of time .
i have been wanting to try out this app for a while . i registered , and everything is going great until i get to the character maker screen . i am unable to see my charcter and the customization options . will send photos if needed . will change rating once this is fixed .
app did n't work at all . was buggy from the start of my sign up where i used my google account to login .
-- update 2 -- : okay , i think i have figured it out . the app does n't sync with the servers on my wifi , but works fine on my data connection . weirdly enough , the web version works on my laptop using the same wifi . please fix . -- update 1 -- : reinstalled app . apparently login with google is completely broken . not working at all . that 's why maybe the data is not syncing ? -- original -- : no data loads upon startup ; just a blank screen with 0 health , 0 xp , and 0 mana .
downloaded the app and the server just did not want to connect and synch my to do list and habits . gave up after 10 mins .
unable to download it beyond 78 % even as other apps download in a second
i cancelled my subscription back in june of last year and just realized my membership had been reinstated without my permission . i would like a refund for the months between now and then and ( another ) confirmation that my subscription is cancelled .
i love it at first plus the very idea gamifying a task to make it a habit . it was all fun until the ' i cant use it offline ' that really threw me off . please make it available offline as well .
nothing but connection error after connection error . the concept is great , but i ca n't even manage to use the service because any time i try to do anything , that 's all i 'm getting .
please make it work again . the app is great , but it is not working and says i 'm not connected to the internet , even though i have 2 available connections . please , fix it ! ! !
i couldnt even get past setting everything up before it glitched . i couldnt move on from types of goals . a pop up showed up that said something about strength and attributes .
after adding task to the app , it just does n't shows up .
online ? really ? register ? really ? there 's two other apps in the suggested/similar apps banner that are better than this & they 're free to use with out registration ( why ? ! for this type of app ) , full & offline ( again )
update : problem fixed . did you people just do another update ? because the app is completely screwed up . it ca n't recognize that my phone is connected to the internet .
just installed . keyed in all tasks n to-do list . server error . lost everything . redo . server error . lost . kept repeating . frustrating = uninstalled .
it keeps lagging and dificult to select the traits i want for my character ... ugh ! not worth it uninstall !
it took 3 tries to get registered , now it wont let me change anything in character creation . i didnt even make it to setting up anything beyond skin tone before it would n't let me select anything . awesome idea , crappy execution . womp womp .
seems broken - cant complete the process of creating new tasks , so i 'm just stuck with a huge empty menu i cant change . loved the idea but this is broken and unusable .
i can not change the order of dailies which is frustrating since normally i would like to have them in chronological order .
app worked fine till they put in the new username update , now there 's a bug where you ca n't get into the app because every name is taken
i keep getting a message saying the app ca n't connect to the server and every time i tap on a different colour of skin or shirt it stays the same .
this app is bullocks.i downloaded it and it ran smoothly on my phone and i setup my avatar my habits and my daily task and then it just stopped working and could n't open the app again !
the customization screen at the beginning of set-up does n't work . tasks have tagging section with no clear way to actually add tags to it .
i was excited to try this app , but like many others have said , the customization screen does n't work . let me know when it 's fixed and i 'll update and hopefully be able to start using it .
i cannt acces my account anymore since their `` password reset '' feature does not work . tried on my iphone , android oreo , web version . i do n't receive any email to reset my password .
impossible to register , circle , circle , circle ... and nothing
uninstalling , took forever to load when my internet connection is just working fine on other apps .
i am specifically looking for a gamified productivity app . my review of yours which is very lacking : dark theme is missing ! this one appears to be for 5 year olds ! can you make a non-child app similar to this but for regular people not 5 year old rpg gamers ? i avoided yours for a long time but still nothing exists yet for adults . i hate rpg ( cause i 'm not an anti-social loser ) but want to gamify my productivity with public leaderboards in an app . thanks . looks well made but i do n't want it .
confusing and definitely did n't motivate me to do tasks . just spent hours trying to figure out how to add personalized tasks .
i can use habitica on the browser , but i ca n't login via facebook in the app . the facebook login shows up , i enter my credentials , then nothing .
wo n't connect to server . will rate better when this issue is fixed . i 'm using a samsung galaxy note 8
beginning setup was n't loading at all . signed up using facebook . since it was not loading , i just clicked next . now i 'm stuck with my avatar with no way to change
after signing in , i get random notifications telling me things i absolutely do not care about . i have n't even added any tasks and it 's already telling me to join groups and blah blah blah ... no thank you .
great app but only if it was an offline app i would 've given it a five star ... please fix this ...
awful graphics . idea ia great but the graphics need a major update . ca n't tell the different between anything in this game . overall disappointed .
definitely not for me , it was confusing . but hey if you are a gamer and suffering from mental health stuff . its for you
does n't work . nothing happens when signing in with google and when creating a new account , it just shows `` server timeout '' .
uninstalled . still can not remove background to blank . edit : yep still the same . also please put the free backgrounds at the top . this is from only within the app by the way .
constant connection drop outs . will update review when this is fixed .
it does n't work . worked fine first few hours now it keeps saying it ca n't connect to the server
kept bugging out trying to register/log in
the big problem is that task management should work offline and habitica should have synchronization feature like anki mobile and anki pc .
failed at the first hurdle , couldnt customise my character to even get started . next button worked thats about it . galaxy s8
stuck on setting the user name , no error message etc . used to be good
unable to download it beyond 78 % even as other apps download in a second
waste of time . unhelpful and unmotivating .
kept bugging out trying to register/log in
too many errors
i love it except , and this is a big issue for me , it 's totally server based . want to update anything , but have a bad internet connection ? too bad , it 's either going to take forever or fail . i would use and maybe even pay for this app to just have a way to have everything first be saved on my device . so , back to hunting for a to-do app . edit 3/23 : i have to drop my review on this to 1 star . you can manually edit values within the app for stats making any it unreasonable that i need internet .
it does not seem possible to have a simple shopping list shared with another person ... nice app , but useless .
i should be able to use the app when offline , and the app should sync the changes whenever connected to the internet . it should n't force me to connect with the internet for ticking a checkbox !
buggy as all hell . the advertisement is right . it gamifies tasks ... but that 's it . no tracking history of your habits . inaccurate as all hell . worst of all is you ca n't delete your account . they 'll forever keep your data . i 'm sure that 's illegal in parts of this country and around the world . definitely do n't use your real email to sign up to test it out .
stopped
ca n't even start it properly . just says `` path 'profile.name ' is required . ''
unfortunately i can not sign up or sign in . by google account or email . i tried a lot . from iran
great concept , but i ca n't even create an avatar . this is a constant bug listed in reviews . the company says that your selections should show up after you start actually using the app , but how can they when we ca n't even actually choose anything . i guess i 'll try one of the competitors apps .
this app is completely unusable on my note10+ the account creation is riddled with errors and when i finally get into the app , i ca n't click on any items or add a new item without the app instantly crashing . i was excited by the premise and motivated to start using it , but the experience was downright embarrassing . i 'd love for a developer response here to acknowledge these problems and maybe offer some solutions .
mandatory registration
impossible to register , circle , circle , circle ... and nothing
broken from the start , ca n't do anything
does n't seem to work on op 6t , can go through character creation , but doesnt let me customize or select anything . half of the ui shows up blank .
cant see my character
app has no images on s10+ and is completely unusuable
would love to actually get started with this app , but for whatever reason i ca n't even build my avatar . none of the options for selecting what i want my avatar to look like actually show up on the screen , they 're all completely invisible .
i was looking forward to using this app . but it wont even let me pick out an avatar . things just go blank on the app and tells me i 'm missing information when i clearly am not . what a bummer
app has many bugs . 1. start screen does n't display first 3 slides . user creating is totally not functional . i 'm using both android 9 and android 10 same bugs .
the two starting pages were blank , same as character customization . i saw another comment and there 's any new version to update . i was excited to try this app but i could n't : (
the first 2 slides are black and i ca n't see character in the character creation . some message saying `` path 'profile ' required habitica ... i hope this gets fix soon . until then i i 'll wait .
blank screens when initially launching , character creation screen missing most assets but still semi functional . unable to begin . oneplus 6t a10
wont let me change my appearance so i 'm stuck as a black female . the user interface is very poorly designed
completely unusable on android right now . everything is blank or not loading . downloaded and deleted right away which is unfortunate because it looked like something i 'd be really interested in .
the app is broken right now . downloaded today to try it out and the first two slides were blank . character creation is all blank . unfortunately deleted but was looking forward to trying . this has been catalogued by others . when its fixed i 'll try again but so far it seems that this app is only really properly supported for iphone users . ( i have a samsung s9 )
after adding task to the app , it just does n't shows up .
super buggy on android , have to close and open constantly for anything to work .
my phone is a samsung s8+ . the introduction screen is mostly blank , and the character customization seems to be broken because your character and customization options do n't show up . i didnt go any further .
app broken , do n't bother . like many many other reviewers , this app is totally broken and defunct on android devices and specifically galaxy s10 / note 10 devices . it seems the developer response to all of those reviews is `` please report a bug '' but this has now been an issue for months that they have n't looked into fixing despite dozens of notifications from users that their app is broken . i have instead now downloaded an app by another developer which actually works . i will not be back .
installed it and it glitched and did n't display many of the images on the 'create your avatar ' page . immediately uninstalled .
quite disappointed with this app . is used to be fine for past years . currently is really slow when checking my task and is so frustrating at times . this app need improvement on the server and at times server down : ( .
doesnt work the main screen is stuck i can move to the next page .
downloaded this app hoping for a fun way to form new habits , but when i get to the register screen the first two tutorial panels are blank and then the third one lets you link social media accounts . then i ca n't save the username and display name i create , and the avatar generator screen does n't load any options . opened the app the next day to find nothing i could edit had been saved . uninstalled and tried registering again with a different account and got the same results . pretty disappointed
same issue as don smith who wrote a review on 10/10/19 . will consider this app but the lack of slide visuals and character visuals makes the app in-op . current phone is the google pixel 4xl ...... perhaps i misspoke in regards to the reply . my issue is not with the visuals but the lack of visuals . everything is blank for me so literally can not see half of the content .
does n't show character customisation , think it needs an update
path profile name is required glitch when trying to make avatar on galaxy s10
so many portions of the app we 're not appearing on the screen from the get go , including the first two screens entirely , and even the avartar selections .
busted from the start . on the first open of the app i got a 3 pane swipe intro and the first 2 were blank purple screens . then , on the avatar creation screen the avatar was n't visible . when finally getting in to the app the `` help text '' bubble did n't point at anything , just the bottom of the screen for the whole dialogue . this app sounded interesting but it seems there 's a complete lack of interest in quality .
app did n't work at all . was buggy from the start of my sign up where i used my google account to login .
want to like it . so far half of the set up items are n't even showing up for my samsung s8 . all the purple screens are blank . was excited to try but it does n't work .
the website works but the app is blank .
this app has some major problems . it seemed to work fine for the first day of running . after the first day no reminders were executed . any game armor or weapons could never be equipped . it appeared you could equip them but once you left the screen they become unequipped and they never showed up on the avatar . i mainly got this app for productivity and since the reminders do not work i 'm not certain i 'm going to continue using it unless these problems are fixed .
it 's broken . i try to create my account and i ca n't even use the name i want or customize my character . it 's just broken . nothing displays .
i have been trying to download the app but its just not happening . please look into it .
app is completely broken . ca n't even make an avatar -- none of the options show up . also , get an error message when trying to show a display name
please make this app offline as well
wanted to try this , but it does n't seem to properly load images to create my character or load tutorial pages so i ca n't even continue from the create screen . seems like it 's broken ...
will not open disappointed as i was looking forward to using this service
ca n't log in . the password input is shorter on the in-app login than both the reset password field as well as the login form on web , so my correct password is rejected
it keeps lagging and dificult to select the traits i want for my character ... ugh ! not worth it uninstall !
app does n't work
ca n't set the username field
app is no longer functional . cant even start app without it malfunctioning . cant change username or character . it was fine before the update !
downloaded the app and the server just did not want to connect and synch my to do list and habits . gave up after 10 mins .
you need internet access and the server has to be up on their side for you to be able to access your to-do list . server has been down today and i cant check off or edit my to-do list due to that . going to be deleting this app . most other to-do lists work offline .
i had really begun to depend on this app and was having fun . then i downloaded the update . i now have nothing . not even the image of an avatar , there 's just nothing there . i have no experience , no level , no coins , nothing . i was having a really awful day and this was just icing on the cake . there was so much i put into this game . how can i remember all of the tasks i scheduled for myself ? i am so so discouraged .
i could n't register , the circle rounds and rounds .. and nothing happens
ca n't even log in . seems to stop working or freeze up every time . just downloaded the app for the first time , ca n't make a new account or log in . waste of time , will be looking for other apps that actually let me get past the log in screen .
it 's completely broken , things do n't show up , error codes from the very beginning , it 's just broken
as soon as i downloaded the app and made a new account , i could n't create a new character because under the body , skin , and other options to make your character was blank . when i changed my display name , i got a weird message for 'profile.name ' required . the randomize button did n't even work for me either . i left originally because there were many bugs with to-do 's and other things and i 'm not confident it 's functional past the character creator , so i do n't see a point to continue . on the s10e
i kept getting empty screens when opening the app , so i pressed skip . filled out the registry info and was taken to character creation where i could n't see my character or the build options . i could select things like body or hair , but nothing appeared relating to that .
i really want to use this app , but on my galaxy s10 , the first 2 of the 3 slides in the introduction before logging in , are blank . the character visuals on the character customization are invisible , and on the settings menu , i scroll down and the options start to overlap each other ( hard to describe ) . i will consider reinstalling after the graphical issues are fixed because it seems like a great app , but currently it 's unusable for me .
major issues need all email so i can send you pics pixel 2xl
apps been broken from the moment i download need fixing
nothing loads up . probably a bad glitch
-- update 2 -- : okay , i think i have figured it out . the app does n't sync with the servers on my wifi , but works fine on my data connection . weirdly enough , the web version works on my laptop using the same wifi . please fix . -- update 1 -- : reinstalled app . apparently login with google is completely broken . not working at all . that 's why maybe the data is not syncing ? -- original -- : no data loads upon startup ; just a blank screen with 0 health , 0 xp , and 0 mana .
beginning setup was n't loading at all . signed up using facebook . since it was not loading , i just clicked next . now i 'm stuck with my avatar with no way to change
there seems to be no way to actually mark a task as complete , so i had to delete the tasks i actually did complete and therefore have not gotten in-game rewards . there is also no way at all to contact support . if you join the habitat help guild that is supposed to allow you to ask questions , there is no obvious way to post a question there . there is a button to leave the guild but not one to post a question . this app is terrible and is a waste of time .
after signing in , i get random notifications telling me things i absolutely do not care about . i have n't even added any tasks and it 's already telling me to join groups and blah blah blah ... no thank you .
micro transaction . i wish i could give 0 stars .
need to register , immediately deleted
i am unable to download this app . it downloads uptil 82 % and then stops . i have a android device
awful graphics . idea ia great but the graphics need a major update . ca n't tell the different between anything in this game . overall disappointed .
does n't work in my country i have to use a vpn for it to work , which sucks of course . syrian arab republic
i am specifically looking for a gamified productivity app . my review of yours which is very lacking : dark theme is missing ! this one appears to be for 5 year olds ! can you make a non-child app similar to this but for regular people not 5 year old rpg gamers ? i avoided yours for a long time but still nothing exists yet for adults . i hate rpg ( cause i 'm not an anti-social loser ) but want to gamify my productivity with public leaderboards in an app . thanks . looks well made but i do n't want it .
good app but i ca n't do anything since to days ago ! help me please your app je very usefull for me
annoying , slow , clunky , unresponsive , repetitive
i was excited to try this app , but like many others have said , the customization screen does n't work . let me know when it 's fixed and i 'll update and hopefully be able to start using it .
it took 3 tries to get registered , now it wont let me change anything in character creation . i didnt even make it to setting up anything beyond skin tone before it would n't let me select anything . awesome idea , crappy execution . womp womp .
failed at the first hurdle , couldnt customise my character to even get started . next button worked thats about it . galaxy s8
would n't even let me customize .
the customization screen at the beginning of set-up does n't work . tasks have tagging section with no clear way to actually add tags to it .
wo n't let me customize my avatar except for glasses .
uninstalled . still can not remove background to blank . edit : yep still the same . also please put the free backgrounds at the top . this is from only within the app by the way .
ganky . could n't get it to work right .
first thing i did when i installed the app was disable notifications and yet i still get constantly spammed with notifications all day long . that aside , the app is poorly made . ui is very buggy . chat functions are glitchy and do n't update mezsages correctly . sometimes the main ui responds to nothing . you can switch tabs and nothing changes till you close and open the app again . almost all fun and worth while content is locked behind a paywall or subscription .
does n't work . nothing happens when signing in with google and when creating a new account , it just shows `` server timeout '' .
pretty disappointed that the first wall i hit is having to login or register . i get the whole cloud saving thing but at least give me the option and let the risk fall on me for data loss . the app looked promising and i was really impressed with the bit of pixel art i got to see . however , i 'm not sure i want to sign up and allow access to my details or habits just yet .
terrible moderator community . anti religious . reply : i 've already had numerous interactions with habatica mods and i 've no desire to reply further . when i questioned why the website had an anti-christian stance i was banned . nothing more needs to be said .
i cannt acces my account anymore since their `` password reset '' feature does not work . tried on my iphone , android oreo , web version . i do n't receive any email to reset my password .
great app but only if it was an offline app i would 've given it a five star ... please fix this ...
got banned for talking about not politically correct stuff in a respectful manner . didnt even had a chance to discuss or clear my name . would not recommend bc of it being heavily monitored and censored . it does not facilitate what it was aiming for a community for learning and growth . after pouring 2 months and money into it was terribly disappointed after my ban . yes perma ban . no warnings no nothing . disgusting . outsourcing will power is a bad idea anyways .
seems broken - cant complete the process of creating new tasks , so i 'm just stuck with a huge empty menu i cant change . loved the idea but this is broken and unusable .
confusing and definitely did n't motivate me to do tasks . just spent hours trying to figure out how to add personalized tasks .
online ? really ? register ? really ? there 's two other apps in the suggested/similar apps banner that are better than this & they 're free to use with out registration ( why ? ! for this type of app ) , full & offline ( again )
i have been wanting to try out this app for a while . i registered , and everything is going great until i get to the character maker screen . i am unable to see my charcter and the customization options . will send photos if needed . will change rating once this is fixed .
i like the concept because i 've been trying to gamify my free time for a while , assigning a predifined score to each habit practiced the most during every hour , and all i wanted was the positive and the negative habits to affect the same progress bar , with the possibility to keep track of a daily score , with a possibly negative value . it 's a damn shame but this aint for me . i wish it was more customisable
good app , but very buggy and support is completely unhelpful . there 's no way to change your subscription level in the app or play store . even if you cancel the app will think you 're still subscribed . so basically when you pick a subscription level you are fully committed to it because the devs are too incompetent and uncaring to help . when using a choosing skill the habits n dailies show up like 10 % of the time and the devs basically said `` oh well , we ca n't fix that '' when i mentioned it .
set up was glitchy . i didnt get further than that . it 's a great concept though and the art is cute .
excited to try it out , but the app crashes whenever i try to create or edit tasks !
i love the idea but it 's not working on my samsung s10e . like the main screen is just purple when i first open and then the features for designing my character did n't show any options . i 'll happily try again once bugs are worked out . keep us posted !
the idea is wonderful . but a lot of tedious mistakes spoil the whole impression . for example , information is slowly updated even within the application , often clicking on a menu item is ignored . if you create a task without a title , but with a list , it will become closed for editing , just delete . not all things are obvious . i had to read help to solve simple questions . well , the old-school 8-bit graphics - not everyone likes it .
great concept , but really quite bad execution . with so many bugs even in the new player introduction it feels like an early access , not v2.2 of anything . surprised to learn that it 's been in public release for 4 years now . i would be ashamed to make or spend money from any transaction within this game . i 'm not usually this harsh , and i hope none of the devs take this review personally , but get it together . needs a major qol & ux overhaul before i would consider the concept v1.0 complete .
seems to have glitched out on me . when i put in my username and display name , it gave me an error saying `` path profile.name required . '' then none of the avatar customization options appeared . i was n't even able to start the third page when the app crashed . reopening the app took me to the dailies tutorial and now i 'm sure i 'm missing something . i have a samsung galaxy note 10 .
i was using this app just fine without problems for about 2 months but when my wife decided to get us both a subscription , my account stopped working right . whenever i check off a task i just get an error message and nothing gets counted . i did everything the helpers told me ( clear cache , reinstall the app , restart phone ) and nothing worked . its been about a week and i have yet to hear again from technical support .
1/5/20 ) i have tried the updates since my original post , and launch speed has slightly improved . main landing page loads very slowly , but at least did n't crash right away again . almost froze when scrolling through habits . i gave it more time to load , then tried going to a different section of the app & it crashed .. 11/9/19 ) would be an awesome app , if it would load . painfully slow startup and very laggy in app as a well . ( android 9 ; moto g6 play ) please fix ! & i will actually update my review .
the app looks interesting but it did n't work in my device which is a samsung galaxy note9 , i could n't see the introduction and i could n't see my character in the character creation window it kept saying path profile.file is needed i do n't know how to fix it
would you quit directing me to the website ! ? if i want to join a party/guild it should be done on the app . it wo n't let me log in on the site at all .. why you people would choose to have it so if you use `` log in using google '' , it resets and begins a whole new account without asking , now i have two accounts on one email ? it wo n't even give me my password ! i tried resetting it several times . how annoying , bad design . after i spent so much time on the app too , all for it not to work
i really liked this until i realized that unfinished daily/repeating tasks get marked as done whether you complete them or not the next day . that makes it pretty useless for tracking tasks i need to do each week .
i downloaded this app today but there is a problem that makes me unable to see to-do lists , habits etc . i really want to use this app but i ca n't do it when i ca n't see the options . it would be great if you fixed it so i can use it !
does this works on android 10 ? i tried installing it and tried to make a character but it seems it 's bugging . does n't show my character ( from character-making phase ) . reinstalled it , same thing occurred . hopefully you guys can help me here . cheers !
galaxy s10 on android 10. ftue is busted . first two slides do n't load . you get to the character creation and the avatar and all of the customize options are invisible/do n't display . please fix or mark the app as incompatible with android 10 .
why does the app keep showing server connection lost even though there is no problem with my network or internet server ? i ca n't open the app and refresh it at all .
certain pages do n't fit on screen .
fun and helpful . graphics are awesome . just needs a few tweaks . too easy to cheat . i do n't like the tavern because i am in recovery from drugs and alcohol so it 's kinda anthemic . maybe a temple option would be a better social forum for inclusion for those of us who do n't drink and/or use drugs . it would also be nice if you could continue to see completed to-do items after you have checked them so you can continue to visualize your progress .
despite various updates to `` fix bugs '' the first few screens of this app are still completely broken on android . the app beyond sign-in still functions ... but that 's it . the game aspect is weak , the app is n't very well designed , and the tutorials tend to be broken on android as well . i prefer apps like fabulous , which i think approaches the subject of mental health and habit forming in a much better way .
not very user friendly and very less interactive
i 'm probably too old for this . could n't find the energy/patience to work out how it works ( and why was it preset with meditation ? ) , i guess it would seem obvious to someone who uses technology more . bought a huge paper planner called trigg instead . less portable ! but it wo n't crash , malfunction or lost if i break my phone ...
i immediately encountered a problem when i began , by misclicking on one of my habits . there 's no way to correct for that . manually change the values , yes , but the xp and hp do n't change to reflect that automatically . secondly , the settings page is broken on my s9 , and the issue is difficult to describe . the display freezes so if you scroll , an instance of the text moves while the another is stuck below . honestly the tutorial really needs work . i could go on but space constraints .
need wifi/data for it . i get that you can play with your friends , but it would be nice if i could use it without wifi for data anyway . i have a limited ammout of data and brain memory . so by the time i get home after all day i 've forgotten my habits and the point becomes mute . only gave this an extra star because i love the 8 bit art .
two bugs right at the beginning of registration . first two images did n't load on the three slides intro , then when registering my info , it moved to the next screen but gave a name error and i could n't make an avatar . not a good first impression . just deleted my account thru the website .
i honestly did n't get much chance to use the app before it stopped connecting and not letting me do anything . before that happened i started setting up daily tasks and the part where you set how often ( such as the days of the week ) you do each task was confusing . i would change the days on one task and it would change it for all of them . over all , too much work for its worth . loved the idea though , it would have really gotten me doing things to level up and collect items
i wanted to use this app . the concept is really good . but i wo n't use it simply because it barely functions . for starters it 's online only ... but as if that was n't enough the sync on android is just all over the place - the app would sometimes ask `` have you done these things today ? '' for tasks that were scheduled the day before or at 1 am for tasks on that day ... speaking of tasks , i could n't set up multiple repeating tasks for certain days of the week ( per task , wanted to fill the whole week with various tasks and repeat them ) for some reason , they would all sync to same weekdays . i enabled reminders but never had a reminder come up once and as far as i researched online this is a common problem on android and has n't been resolved for some time . so it seems i have to create a habit of opening this habit tracker app ...
boring and not very effective for me : the visual design is a bit of a yawn and it 's too hard to earn rewards without paying . if it works for you , great but it does n't give me enough gratification .
this app is a great idea with poor execution . reminders only sometimes appear , and the ui can be very unresponsive - i 've checked daily tasks off , only to find that the app interpreted this as unchecking the task ( since it had n't registered the fact that it is a new day , yet ) , which actually subtracts the game resources from you . these problems are significant enough to make the rpg-like rewards system ineffective for me , and the app not worth using as a habit-tracker at this time , sadly .
this app would be so much better if it did n't penalize you for doing your habits for many days in a row . instead of getting more experience , coins , you get less the longer you do something . you should be rewarding the habits that people are building , not telling them that once they have the habit they 're going to get less for it . otherwise , this app would get five stars for me .
i 'm a breath away from uninstalling this app again . half the time it does n't even do what it 's supposed to do , some things it does n't even let you do inside the app , you have to go to the actual browser version to do it . on that subject , the mobile browser is beyond awkward , no chance of navigating it properly ! if i 'm supposed to log into an actual pc just to check off that i did a workout or washed dishes , forget it . right now the only reward i get is having my good mood ruined ; certainly not worth it .
i love the idea of this app . unfortunately , it is not super user friendly . i 've been using it for over a month and it is not very obvious how to complete quests or anything else . ( and yes , i have gone through the faqs ) i finally figured out how to hatch eggs , but that 's all . it 's a pretty clunky app as a `` game '' but it does a pretty good job of keeping me accountable for things . that 's the only reason i have n't deleted it . as a `` gamify your life '' app , i 'm not convinced . hopefully it improves !
great concept , but riddled with bugs . sign up was horribly difficult , with the servers not responding and the app failing to realize i was trying to change my username and display names . app reset at around 7:00 pm , instead of at midnight of my time zone , which i had double checked beforehand . i want to like it , but this is becoming downright frustrating .
needs a vpn if you 're in china . some questionable ui and design choices , though the fundamentals work well for the most part . if you want to do anything remotely interesting then you have to pay , of course . and the subscription fees are absolutely extortionate . one month is the same price as a month of netflix and a year is £47 . a year of ms office 365 with all of its functionality is £60 ... let that sink in . i do n't understand why , for relatively little , this app costs so much . greed , i assume .
this app is either really good or really bad/broken -- - there are no in betweens . i love the concept , and its super cute , but it bugs out quite a bit and besides which , is super easy to misclick on . as a result , i 've lost or accidentally lost items , as well as accidentally spending nearly all of my coins completely on accident because there 's no verification for buying and no refunding ? ? ? and that 's besides the part where it constantly unequips all of my gear ... this game needs help ...
it would be a very helpful app if it actually worked the way you 'd expect ... if i say i want a task to be weekly , but make it so i can complete that task any day , what i 'm trying to do , is make the task flexible , so i can do the weekly task whatever day of the week i feel like , instead however , making it available everyday turns it into a daily task , which i will be punished for by not completing daily , my only real solution at the moment is filling up my to-do list which is really frustrating .
just had a big visual update but if anything the app is getting worse and worse . now most of the time when i tap a plus sign to increase count of something , nothing happens . i have to drag down to refresh and then after it thinks for a minute it 'll update the count . or not , it kind of does what it wants at this point . i 've mostly stopped using it because of this .
used it awhile ago and recently installed on my new phone . as soon as it opened it was clear i would not be able to use it . several things where off ( like trying to put pictures in an office doc ) worse still when i try to add many options are cut off by some form of white box that sits in the way . unfortunately dailies are one of the missing options and a huge part of how i personally used the app .
it 's a great idea but it just does n't work ! the pages never refresh for the next day , and if i press the refresh button it just comes up with an unable to connect to server error , or just stays with the loading symbol infinitely . i went on it today after not going on it for a couple of days and i just find that im dead out of nowhere . the `` refill health '' prompt kept repeatedly popping up and then when it stopped my health bar was still at zero . also the add habit button isnt there always ...
very buggy first few times that i 've used the app . repeatedly having to close and reopen it for it to properly work .
heres the thing . i love this app and the idea behind it . but for some reason its so dang glitchy . pages wont always change when i scroll . tasks dont refresh . i often have to completely close the app . help ! very willing to change this review to 5 stars if we get this figured out .
i really enjoy this app but it has just stopped working randomly . i tried to hatch a dragon egg and the app crashed and since then i cant access it . i have tried uninstalling the app but nothing is working . i have even tried to use the website but it doesnt keep track of my exp gained . i am very dissapointed as i really like the idea of the app .
i quite like habitica , but this app has some issues . the biggest problem for me is that switching the to do list to `` scheduled '' is supposed to sort the to do items by due date ( that 's how it works on the website ) , but it does n't . that makes the to do list ( in the app ) useless for me .
to be honest , it 's a really good app . it has everything ( simplicity , system , ui , etc . ) but seriously , if this is really a productivity app , it needs to have an offline mode . does it really need to have an internet connection every time someone has to check their to do list ?
latest update has not fixes bugs that occur every day.frustrating to use.sometimes it wo n't save , will just have a loading loop.some basic things are not customizable like the calendar starting on monday or the date format , does n't keep track of activity data correctly . please focus on getting the app to work instead of focusing on superficial appearance ! was thinking of paying for a subscription but what 's the point if the money will not go towards making the app usable & less temperamental ?
very nice and interesting concept but completely useless because you flipping need wifi to update your checklist ? ! furthermore even if my parents did n't control my wifi and i had full access , there should be a way to see all your tasks etc at a glance without having to scroll so much . also what 's the point if you can just go in the settings and set the amount of money you want ? and a bunch of my friends joined habitica only to leave because it takes up too much time , and it 's not fun enough .
this is terribly buggy and you 're better off avoiding it ; use the website instead , if you 're on your mobile device . latest update does n't update habit counters on-screen after you press any buttons ; all of the command is processed though . app still does n't display items that are found . just another buggy update .
the whole app is pretty broke on the note 9 ( edit : i would love to report the big to help however , the settings menue does not work so i do not have the ability to send a report ) .
please help . relogging in after several months disuse . it has asked me to enter a username and it 's stuck on 'username taken ' . will not let me progress to the app . i 've tried every random letter/number combination so it 's definitely not taken . just buggy app ?
it 's a good app but it does n't really work for me . please provide an offline mode , because not everyone has data and wi-fi throughout the whole day . i will rate it 5 stars once there is an offline mode .
this app would be 100x better if it incorporated some of the editting/customizing functions of the other to-do-list apps out there . i want to be able to strike through each of the to do items and view deleted/archived/completed items . be able to choose colors etc ..
the idea behind the app is nice , but it is n't userfriendly . finding and adding friends to use it together was so counter productive that it got us to waste time we could be actually doing our daily tasks .
great concept . but i did n't build up coins quickly enough , and did n't get any gems , meaning i could n't get anything new for my character . honestly , a calendar and check-mark system would give me more incentive than this .
good ideas but not well implemented . it gets tedious and boring after a while .
it 's a great app . really nice features . does everything it says on the tin . but let me tell you : a productivity app wo n't do what it 's meant to do unless it 's usable offline . i really loved using it , but now i 'm going back to the good old bullet journal .
it would be better if there are more options for customising the avatar and theme which is in purple . you will need to spend money for a decent background . the avatar is pixelated and does n't look good . getting a bit bored of it now .
the app works great ... with wifi . i love the feel of the app and desktop versions , but a decent chunk of my day is spent with limited/no wifi . i ca n't recommend it for that .
have been a user for years , but the app is borderline unusable at this point , it 's not saving anything and is not connecting to servers . tried uninstalling and reinstalling , not sure what 's wrong .
i like the concept , but the execution needs work . in my experience , the app was laggy non-responsive at times which made the experience of creating and managing tasks tedious .
could n't get past registration/login . i 've never used the app before but when i tried to make an account it said that my email has been taken and when i went to login it just kept loading forever .
bug that says 'path 'type ' is required ' everytime i try to do something . i tried submittinf an error report through menu - about - report a bug , but i get the same error message when i try report the bug
the app was working fine until it started bugging out recently and showing me the wrong dailies . going back to using just the website now until this is fixed .
super glitchy . too frustrating to bother trying to use it .
incredible tool , awful app . i 'd recommend the desktop version of this site to anyone but the app is a bug-ridden mess that overcomplicates simple functions and only works about 90 % of the time .
super super buggy on my note 8 . ca n't press anything on the character creation menu after registering . justin ( the tip guy ) always comes up after pressing any of the menus . super super annoying . please fix a.s.a.p
i really enjoyed this app but now if i delete a daily reminder i still get the notification for it ! which is highly annoying ! please fix this it distracts me from my work each time i here my notification go off for a deleted reminder
several navigation options are inaccessible because they 're underneath the home/back/tasks buttons at the bottom or within the notification/notch area at the top , making this app hard to use on my phone .
i like how this become my favorute game because it keeps me doing things . but , it is constanly in problem .... crash ... unable to load .... bug ... not processing .... and i do n't understand why the task constanly ca n't be arranged ? ? ? ? ?
good idea , bad execution . the first screen , with the customkze character options , would n't let me pick anything ; therefore , i could n't move on .
it 's been really helpful for habit building but it 's now bugging like crazy and crashing every time i open it so not wonderful .
clunky and very slow to load . not fun at all - just yet another task i had to deal with daily .
interesting concept but i get a `` path type is required '' error all the time so i stopped using it
no landscape mode for tablets . i like the browser version , but landscape support is essential to me .
lost the ability to sort to dos by tags . very inconvenient . i used that feature a lot .
great concept , but can they hire an artist , this artwork is outdated ! ! otherwise i would use this
very buggy and does n't always show whole pages or lists .
upon using the app so far , i wish that it would be accessible offline . other than that , the idea to challenge yourself to earn points for your habits and chores is quite remarkable
laggiest experience ever , icons were missing everywhere , it seemed really cool but quite unplayable for me .
change of days in app is a major problem . i wish it would happen smoothly .
did not enjoy the layout , workflows , rewards , explanations . a+ for the effort .
would like to change my my class and chat is impossible to navigate . a simple notification system would make it easy .
it is fun but now i just level up and i do n't get any notifs for `` unallocated stat points '' anymore
downloaded a bunch of these types of programs to find the one that was best . this was one of the worst . played with it for about an hour and couldnt figure it out .
the app is awesome . but it made my phone drain 30 % battery per day in the background which makes it useless
the app itself is quite good but without offline mode it 's useless for me .
let 's be honest here , if you need help with basic habit management , you wo n't use this regularly enough to help . and if you 're organized and have a good routine , you do n't need it . a pointless novelty at best .
it keeps bugging out whenever i try to do anything . it wont stop doing ghe tutorial and wont ket me delete tast and stuff .
this app is closing down everytime i try to do anything but daily tasks . rather frustrating ...
seems like it could be fun , i just had a hard time getting into it .
can do better very complex to handle for newbies .
awesome app .... but , soo many bugs ! !
does n't connect at all . pls fix it
ca n't check of checklist items
it 's slow . it 'll be better if it works offline
i could n't get past the set-up . `` 'strength is not valid enum value path 'attitude ' ''
good concept but lack basic functionality
the dailies and habits should reset everyday.please let them reset
sadly the ui is n't adapted for the pixel 3 xl
was ok until i saw the mtx . i guess it truely does `` gamify '' things now .
two stars bc i have adhd and i really wanted it to work . it is n't user friendly and i ca n't give it the time of day to sit and figure it out . i 'll try again later .... maybe this fall ?
seems like it could be fun , i just had a hard time getting into it .
fun and helpful . graphics are awesome . just needs a few tweaks . too easy to cheat . i do n't like the tavern because i am in recovery from drugs and alcohol so it 's kinda anthemic . maybe a temple option would be a better social forum for inclusion for those of us who do n't drink and/or use drugs . it would also be nice if you could continue to see completed to-do items after you have checked them so you can continue to visualize your progress .
make a go back button
excited to try it out , but the app crashes whenever i try to create or edit tasks !
was ok until i saw the mtx . i guess it truely does `` gamify '' things now .
despite various updates to `` fix bugs '' the first few screens of this app are still completely broken on android . the app beyond sign-in still functions ... but that 's it . the game aspect is weak , the app is n't very well designed , and the tutorials tend to be broken on android as well . i prefer apps like fabulous , which i think approaches the subject of mental health and habit forming in a much better way .
set up was glitchy . i didnt get further than that . it 's a great concept though and the art is cute .
good app , but very buggy and support is completely unhelpful . there 's no way to change your subscription level in the app or play store . even if you cancel the app will think you 're still subscribed . so basically when you pick a subscription level you are fully committed to it because the devs are too incompetent and uncaring to help . when using a choosing skill the habits n dailies show up like 10 % of the time and the devs basically said `` oh well , we ca n't fix that '' when i mentioned it .
i like the concept because i 've been trying to gamify my free time for a while , assigning a predifined score to each habit practiced the most during every hour , and all i wanted was the positive and the negative habits to affect the same progress bar , with the possibility to keep track of a daily score , with a possibly negative value . it 's a damn shame but this aint for me . i wish it was more customisable
i love the idea but it 's not working on my samsung s10e . like the main screen is just purple when i first open and then the features for designing my character did n't show any options . i 'll happily try again once bugs are worked out . keep us posted !
1/5/20 ) i have tried the updates since my original post , and launch speed has slightly improved . main landing page loads very slowly , but at least did n't crash right away again . almost froze when scrolling through habits . i gave it more time to load , then tried going to a different section of the app & it crashed .. 11/9/19 ) would be an awesome app , if it would load . painfully slow startup and very laggy in app as a well . ( android 9 ; moto g6 play ) please fix ! & i will actually update my review .
galaxy s10 on android 10. ftue is busted . first two slides do n't load . you get to the character creation and the avatar and all of the customize options are invisible/do n't display . please fix or mark the app as incompatible with android 10 .
not very user friendly and very less interactive
boring and not very effective for me : the visual design is a bit of a yawn and it 's too hard to earn rewards without paying . if it works for you , great but it does n't give me enough gratification .
i was using this app just fine without problems for about 2 months but when my wife decided to get us both a subscription , my account stopped working right . whenever i check off a task i just get an error message and nothing gets counted . i did everything the helpers told me ( clear cache , reinstall the app , restart phone ) and nothing worked . its been about a week and i have yet to hear again from technical support .
certain pages do n't fit on screen .
does this works on android 10 ? i tried installing it and tried to make a character but it seems it 's bugging . does n't show my character ( from character-making phase ) . reinstalled it , same thing occurred . hopefully you guys can help me here . cheers !
would you quit directing me to the website ! ? if i want to join a party/guild it should be done on the app . it wo n't let me log in on the site at all .. why you people would choose to have it so if you use `` log in using google '' , it resets and begins a whole new account without asking , now i have two accounts on one email ? it wo n't even give me my password ! i tried resetting it several times . how annoying , bad design . after i spent so much time on the app too , all for it not to work
need wifi/data for it . i get that you can play with your friends , but it would be nice if i could use it without wifi for data anyway . i have a limited ammout of data and brain memory . so by the time i get home after all day i 've forgotten my habits and the point becomes mute . only gave this an extra star because i love the 8 bit art .
the idea is wonderful . but a lot of tedious mistakes spoil the whole impression . for example , information is slowly updated even within the application , often clicking on a menu item is ignored . if you create a task without a title , but with a list , it will become closed for editing , just delete . not all things are obvious . i had to read help to solve simple questions . well , the old-school 8-bit graphics - not everyone likes it .
seems to have glitched out on me . when i put in my username and display name , it gave me an error saying `` path profile.name required . '' then none of the avatar customization options appeared . i was n't even able to start the third page when the app crashed . reopening the app took me to the dailies tutorial and now i 'm sure i 'm missing something . i have a samsung galaxy note 10 .
i really liked this until i realized that unfinished daily/repeating tasks get marked as done whether you complete them or not the next day . that makes it pretty useless for tracking tasks i need to do each week .
why does the app keep showing server connection lost even though there is no problem with my network or internet server ? i ca n't open the app and refresh it at all .
good ideas but not well implemented . it gets tedious and boring after a while .
i downloaded this app today but there is a problem that makes me unable to see to-do lists , habits etc . i really want to use this app but i ca n't do it when i ca n't see the options . it would be great if you fixed it so i can use it !
two bugs right at the beginning of registration . first two images did n't load on the three slides intro , then when registering my info , it moved to the next screen but gave a name error and i could n't make an avatar . not a good first impression . just deleted my account thru the website .
the app looks interesting but it did n't work in my device which is a samsung galaxy note9 , i could n't see the introduction and i could n't see my character in the character creation window it kept saying path profile.file is needed i do n't know how to fix it
good app but skills glitch out all the time ..... fix this for 5 stars
super glitchy . too frustrating to bother trying to use it .
i 'm probably too old for this . could n't find the energy/patience to work out how it works ( and why was it preset with meditation ? ) , i guess it would seem obvious to someone who uses technology more . bought a huge paper planner called trigg instead . less portable ! but it wo n't crash , malfunction or lost if i break my phone ...
great concept , but really quite bad execution . with so many bugs even in the new player introduction it feels like an early access , not v2.2 of anything . surprised to learn that it 's been in public release for 4 years now . i would be ashamed to make or spend money from any transaction within this game . i 'm not usually this harsh , and i hope none of the devs take this review personally , but get it together . needs a major qol & ux overhaul before i would consider the concept v1.0 complete .
the whole app is pretty broke on the note 9 ( edit : i would love to report the big to help however , the settings menue does not work so i do not have the ability to send a report ) .
very buggy first few times that i 've used the app . repeatedly having to close and reopen it for it to properly work .
i immediately encountered a problem when i began , by misclicking on one of my habits . there 's no way to correct for that . manually change the values , yes , but the xp and hp do n't change to reflect that automatically . secondly , the settings page is broken on my s9 , and the issue is difficult to describe . the display freezes so if you scroll , an instance of the text moves while the another is stuck below . honestly the tutorial really needs work . i could go on but space constraints .
laggiest experience ever , icons were missing everywhere , it seemed really cool but quite unplayable for me .
to be honest , it 's a really good app . it has everything ( simplicity , system , ui , etc . ) but seriously , if this is really a productivity app , it needs to have an offline mode . does it really need to have an internet connection every time someone has to check their to do list ?
it is fun but now i just level up and i do n't get any notifs for `` unallocated stat points '' anymore
did not enjoy the layout , workflows , rewards , explanations . a+ for the effort .
this app is either really good or really bad/broken -- - there are no in betweens . i love the concept , and its super cute , but it bugs out quite a bit and besides which , is super easy to misclick on . as a result , i 've lost or accidentally lost items , as well as accidentally spending nearly all of my coins completely on accident because there 's no verification for buying and no refunding ? ? ? and that 's besides the part where it constantly unequips all of my gear ... this game needs help ...
please make it work offline ! !
it would be better if there are more options for customising the avatar and theme which is in purple . you will need to spend money for a decent background . the avatar is pixelated and does n't look good . getting a bit bored of it now .
very nice and interesting concept but completely useless because you flipping need wifi to update your checklist ? ! furthermore even if my parents did n't control my wifi and i had full access , there should be a way to see all your tasks etc at a glance without having to scroll so much . also what 's the point if you can just go in the settings and set the amount of money you want ? and a bunch of my friends joined habitica only to leave because it takes up too much time , and it 's not fun enough .
downloaded a bunch of these types of programs to find the one that was best . this was one of the worst . played with it for about an hour and couldnt figure it out .
good idea , bad execution . the first screen , with the customkze character options , would n't let me pick anything ; therefore , i could n't move on .
great concept . but i did n't build up coins quickly enough , and did n't get any gems , meaning i could n't get anything new for my character . honestly , a calendar and check-mark system would give me more incentive than this .
i really enjoyed this app but now if i delete a daily reminder i still get the notification for it ! which is highly annoying ! please fix this it distracts me from my work each time i here my notification go off for a deleted reminder
ca n't check of checklist items
super super buggy on my note 8 . ca n't press anything on the character creation menu after registering . justin ( the tip guy ) always comes up after pressing any of the menus . super super annoying . please fix a.s.a.p
please help . relogging in after several months disuse . it has asked me to enter a username and it 's stuck on 'username taken ' . will not let me progress to the app . i 've tried every random letter/number combination so it 's definitely not taken . just buggy app ?
change of days in app is a major problem . i wish it would happen smoothly .
it would be a very helpful app if it actually worked the way you 'd expect ... if i say i want a task to be weekly , but make it so i can complete that task any day , what i 'm trying to do , is make the task flexible , so i can do the weekly task whatever day of the week i feel like , instead however , making it available everyday turns it into a daily task , which i will be punished for by not completing daily , my only real solution at the moment is filling up my to-do list which is really frustrating .
lost the ability to sort to dos by tags . very inconvenient . i used that feature a lot .
it 's slow . it 'll be better if it works offline
latest update has not fixes bugs that occur every day.frustrating to use.sometimes it wo n't save , will just have a loading loop.some basic things are not customizable like the calendar starting on monday or the date format , does n't keep track of activity data correctly . please focus on getting the app to work instead of focusing on superficial appearance ! was thinking of paying for a subscription but what 's the point if the money will not go towards making the app usable & less temperamental ?
it got boring fast
i really enjoy this app but it has just stopped working randomly . i tried to hatch a dragon egg and the app crashed and since then i cant access it . i have tried uninstalling the app but nothing is working . i have even tried to use the website but it doesnt keep track of my exp gained . i am very dissapointed as i really like the idea of the app .
upon using the app so far , i wish that it would be accessible offline . other than that , the idea to challenge yourself to earn points for your habits and chores is quite remarkable
just had a big visual update but if anything the app is getting worse and worse . now most of the time when i tap a plus sign to increase count of something , nothing happens . i have to drag down to refresh and then after it thinks for a minute it 'll update the count . or not , it kind of does what it wants at this point . i 've mostly stopped using it because of this .
this is terribly buggy and you 're better off avoiding it ; use the website instead , if you 're on your mobile device . latest update does n't update habit counters on-screen after you press any buttons ; all of the command is processed though . app still does n't display items that are found . just another buggy update .
interesting concept but i get a `` path type is required '' error all the time so i stopped using it
requires an account
used it awhile ago and recently installed on my new phone . as soon as it opened it was clear i would not be able to use it . several things where off ( like trying to put pictures in an office doc ) worse still when i try to add many options are cut off by some form of white box that sits in the way . unfortunately dailies are one of the missing options and a huge part of how i personally used the app .
it keeps bugging out whenever i try to do anything . it wont stop doing ghe tutorial and wont ket me delete tast and stuff .
i love the idea of this app . unfortunately , it is not super user friendly . i 've been using it for over a month and it is not very obvious how to complete quests or anything else . ( and yes , i have gone through the faqs ) i finally figured out how to hatch eggs , but that 's all . it 's a pretty clunky app as a `` game '' but it does a pretty good job of keeping me accountable for things . that 's the only reason i have n't deleted it . as a `` gamify your life '' app , i 'm not convinced . hopefully it improves !
i quite like habitica , but this app has some issues . the biggest problem for me is that switching the to do list to `` scheduled '' is supposed to sort the to do items by due date ( that 's how it works on the website ) , but it does n't . that makes the to do list ( in the app ) useless for me .
needs a vpn if you 're in china . some questionable ui and design choices , though the fundamentals work well for the most part . if you want to do anything remotely interesting then you have to pay , of course . and the subscription fees are absolutely extortionate . one month is the same price as a month of netflix and a year is £47 . a year of ms office 365 with all of its functionality is £60 ... let that sink in . i do n't understand why , for relatively little , this app costs so much . greed , i assume .
i could n't get past the set-up . `` 'strength is not valid enum value path 'attitude ' ''
two stars bc i have adhd and i really wanted it to work . it is n't user friendly and i ca n't give it the time of day to sit and figure it out . i 'll try again later .... maybe this fall ?
it 's completely a mess . ca n't understand what to do and where .
could n't get past registration/login . i 've never used the app before but when i tried to make an account it said that my email has been taken and when i went to login it just kept loading forever .
not really interesting . does n't help if you do n't have a discipline already in place .
great concept , but can they hire an artist , this artwork is outdated ! ! otherwise i would use this
too hard
the dailies and habits should reset everyday.please let them reset
can do better very complex to handle for newbies .
some my tasks and habits dissappear . there are n't any in completed .
would like to change my my class and chat is impossible to navigate . a simple notification system would make it easy .
great concept , but riddled with bugs . sign up was horribly difficult , with the servers not responding and the app failing to realize i was trying to change my username and display names . app reset at around 7:00 pm , instead of at midnight of my time zone , which i had double checked beforehand . i want to like it , but this is becoming downright frustrating .
this app is closing down everytime i try to do anything but daily tasks . rather frustrating ...
have been a user for years , but the app is borderline unusable at this point , it 's not saving anything and is not connecting to servers . tried uninstalling and reinstalling , not sure what 's wrong .
the app works great ... with wifi . i love the feel of the app and desktop versions , but a decent chunk of my day is spent with limited/no wifi . i ca n't recommend it for that .
bug that says 'path 'type ' is required ' everytime i try to do something . i tried submittinf an error report through menu - about - report a bug , but i get the same error message when i try report the bug
i like how this become my favorute game because it keeps me doing things . but , it is constanly in problem .... crash ... unable to load .... bug ... not processing .... and i do n't understand why the task constanly ca n't be arranged ? ? ? ? ?
awesome app .... but , soo many bugs ! !
i like the concept , but the execution needs work . in my experience , the app was laggy non-responsive at times which made the experience of creating and managing tasks tedious .
not user-friendly
incredible tool , awful app . i 'd recommend the desktop version of this site to anyone but the app is a bug-ridden mess that overcomplicates simple functions and only works about 90 % of the time .
it 's been really helpful for habit building but it 's now bugging like crazy and crashing every time i open it so not wonderful .
it 's a great idea but it just does n't work ! the pages never refresh for the next day , and if i press the refresh button it just comes up with an unable to connect to server error , or just stays with the loading symbol infinitely . i went on it today after not going on it for a couple of days and i just find that im dead out of nowhere . the `` refill health '' prompt kept repeatedly popping up and then when it stopped my health bar was still at zero . also the add habit button isnt there always ...
the idea behind the app is nice , but it is n't userfriendly . finding and adding friends to use it together was so counter productive that it got us to waste time we could be actually doing our daily tasks .
heres the thing . i love this app and the idea behind it . but for some reason its so dang glitchy . pages wont always change when i scroll . tasks dont refresh . i often have to completely close the app . help ! very willing to change this review to 5 stars if we get this figured out .
i wanted to use this app . the concept is really good . but i wo n't use it simply because it barely functions . for starters it 's online only ... but as if that was n't enough the sync on android is just all over the place - the app would sometimes ask `` have you done these things today ? '' for tasks that were scheduled the day before or at 1 am for tasks on that day ... speaking of tasks , i could n't set up multiple repeating tasks for certain days of the week ( per task , wanted to fill the whole week with various tasks and repeat them ) for some reason , they would all sync to same weekdays . i enabled reminders but never had a reminder come up once and as far as i researched online this is a common problem on android and has n't been resolved for some time . so it seems i have to create a habit of opening this habit tracker app ...
this app would be 100x better if it incorporated some of the editting/customizing functions of the other to-do-list apps out there . i want to be able to strike through each of the to do items and view deleted/archived/completed items . be able to choose colors etc ..
the app is awesome . but it made my phone drain 30 % battery per day in the background which makes it useless
very buggy and does n't always show whole pages or lists .
sadly the ui is n't adapted for the pixel 3 xl
let 's be honest here , if you need help with basic habit management , you wo n't use this regularly enough to help . and if you 're organized and have a good routine , you do n't need it . a pointless novelty at best .
clunky and very slow to load . not fun at all - just yet another task i had to deal with daily .
several navigation options are inaccessible because they 're underneath the home/back/tasks buttons at the bottom or within the notification/notch area at the top , making this app hard to use on my phone .
the app was working fine until it started bugging out recently and showing me the wrong dailies . going back to using just the website now until this is fixed .
i 'm constantly finding little glitches in the game that throw off what i am trying to do when i am trying to earn points . thank goodness for husband and siblings who have played this enough to know how to fix things when they go buggy but i do n't appreciate not being able to go to customer service or send a quick email to help them update the system and fix it .
i 've been using habitica for a few years now and while i love the idea , from a technical standpoint the mobile app is broken . it feels like something you would have on your phone back when touchscreens were a new thing . the most annoying bugs are : party screen not updating after you accept a quest invitation so you 're not sure if you accepted it , spamming buffs sometimes reduces your mana without actually applying the buff and party chat not updating ( have to restart the app to see new messages )
it 's fun , a great concept , but the app itself needs work . it locks up constantly and has to be manually shut down and then re-started , and the reminders basically do n't work at all . honestly i think it would be best to remove the reminder feature for now until it can be fixed , because not having a way to set one at all is better than using the feature and thinking you 'll get a needed reminder when you wo n't because it does n't actually work .
love the idea but the app is so buggy and not too user friendly at points . first off , i ca n't change my character when creating an account because nothing pops up . it 's just missing so i end up with a female characters . i have galaxys10 and tried reinstalling app but nope , seems to be just a bug . also , changing outfits just seems terrible to scroll through ( the not user friendly part ) the good idea is amazing ! i really want this app to improve so i can incorporate this into my daily life .
i really love the idea this app has but it has some bugs . the first 2 pages are blank and when i had to make my character everything was blank too . after updating the app it was still the same . ( im using a samsung s8 if thats important ) hope you guys fix it cuz i 'd love to use the app .
the game is very buggy , i just bought a reward , then the app crashed , and the gold i 've spent is gone , but i did n't receive the reward . these kind of experiences unfortunately decrease the gaming fun tremendously , and it could be such a good game otherwise !
ok i like it , but know what ? the experience points keep expanding but not with health . simultaneously , you will be sent backward everytime you lose your health while to refill health you need to max up the exp point . please fix this
is there any ways to see your progress in graphic ? like daily task you 've done and see it in graphic stats or something ? because i can seems to find one in the apps or did i miss something ? i wsnt to know and compare my tasks daily . the ui and everything is good tho except for that graphical stats daily i cant find one here dev
interesting concept to improve productivity ! whenever i click on a link and come back to the app , i am unable to view contents in the app .
game is great , can give back results where you put in effort . however when i last tried to put in a task everything was empty and i cant seem to log back in .
looks promising but i ca n't create avatar due to this error : path 'profile name ' is required .
looks good but lack of dark mode kills it for my phone . i ca n't stand any app that 's mostly bright b white . went with liferpg instead .
i like the app and it 's a pity that i wo n't keep on using it because of the absence of monthly overview for dailies which i need most from a habit tracker instead of useless strikes
seems like i really great app , but i just installed it and i could n't get passed the avatar creation screen : /
this is a good app to motivate , but wished there would be analytics to show progress like graphs , etc .
the concept is great and it 's a fun way to keep track of your habits . my only gripes are : -i wish there was a better way to see habit streaks . the number is cool but if we could see it on a calendar like view i think that would be helpful . you could miss a day and if streaks are n't set to reset the number remains unchanged . -better explanation of the colors on streaks . i still do n't know what they mean ( going to google it ) . -you ca n't use rogue skills because you get a blue screen .
great idea , it needs some improvements imo . edit : after playing for a while i noticed some things that definitely need improvement . faster loading times when changing sections or when receiving items , you should n't have to refresh to see them . that also applies when feeding pets where i dont see a progress in the bar unless i refresh . etc .
app has been useful in helping me keep track of tasks and all , but lately the alarms i set on my dailies have n't been going off at all . which is ... unfortunate , because they 're all to remind me to eat ...
disappointed . had the app installed for a few weeks only , i was enjoying it and improving my life and suddenly it stopped working . i keep getting notifications saying that there 's no connection , i ca n't log anything , and once i decided to reinstall again and again , i ca n't even log in anymore . the screen wo n't load and it never goes past the login/register screen .
fantastic idea ! ! ! i 've actively been seeking something just like this for a long time . but the app itself is super glitchy . most things wont load and everything keeps resetting . it might be my connection or my phone . i 'm not sure . hoping i can figure it out cause i love this !
had a great experience when i was using it thru browser but when i installed it on my phone , it wouldnt record all my progress and tasks on my phone application . even with the same account . please work it out , i would love to keep using thru my phone .
app is amazing but ios version is so much better than android version . it has many other settings while this one lacks them . i hope this gets fixed so i can change my rate to 5 stars .
cute , but seems like it would benefit from a way to set eg monthly or annual reminders for bills and birthdays without going to a google script .
the concept is inventive , but the execution simply makes this app less than enticing to use .
it seems so cool and i wanted to use it as soon as possible but it wont even let me log in . it takes 1second to load and then nothing happens
the to do list should allow prioritizing tasks by importance and urgency . it would be great if you could add that .
it 's a cool app and it kinda helps me but you are forced to be a warrior . it says you can change your class in the settings , but there is no option .
first two slides does n't load , the character in character creation & menu items are invisible , pls fix .
it does n't work offline and when i 'm actually online i need also a vpn to use it : - (
all my tasks are gone and unable to load anything .
friend was permabanned for calling another friend a `` mad c * * t * '' in party chat , but here in australia that 's a compliment ... tl ; dr over-sensitive language filter , should allow party chat to be unfiltered .
love the app . love the rewards . but , i wish that it showed you past dates and all you accomplished on days previous , and i wish that the coloring of tasks was n't so complicated when getting close to red or blue or whatever . also , certain things are hard to navigate ... but overall , i absolutely love this app . use it every day . not so much for challenges or battles , but for habit making and to do 's .
love this app . its helped me with my motivation and procrastinating . i 've been more motivated since using it . but i 'm having a very frustrating issue that is driving my ocd insane . i try to move a task in my list ... only for it to disappear or move itself somewhere i did n't tell it to go . i try to keep my list in a certain order of how i should get things done and this is not helping me at all .
enjoying the app so far , but the widgets are quite limiting . you can not use check lists in the widgets , and sometimes they update rather weirdly . i have also had ui bugs throughout , but they have n't affected me too much . overall good , but just needs some tweaking to make it more solid . that 's not to say the service is bad . just the mobile app .
i 've been actively using this and i love the concept . app version could really use a new ui . dark mode would be appreciated , and maybe letting users adjust font or size of boxes . ( feels too large right now . it would easily hold more details , but space is lost to a big box )
why it is not giving me notifications for dailies ?
really unique app that motivates me to get stuff done . unfortunately , this app needs a lot of work . i tried writing a message in a guild chat . once it got long enough , the words disappeared behind my keyboard so i could n't see what i was writing . when i put the keyboard down , the send button disappeared .. as a result i could n't send my message . theres no search for trying to find a challenge that suits you . theres no notifications when your party is chatting . there is also no search for guilds . i just started this app and so for these are the problems i 've noticed . otherwise it is great and i hope it improves .
this app has a nice interface and a great idea , but it seems to suffer the same issue i 've found of all habit trackers . i ca n't easily keep track of multiple daily iterations of a habit . if i want to create a habit of say drinking 5 bottles of water a day , i want to be able to check off and keep track of each bottle drunk , then get rewarded when i finish all five . most of the habits i want to develop fall in this category . could this be implemented in the future ?
the app itself is pretty good . my issue came from having difficulties canceling my subscription . i described everything i was doing to try to do it , what i was seeing instead of the option to unsubscribe , etc . the solution suggested did not help , so i described the situation further . the next response came from a different person , who suggested a method i had already mentioned was not working for me . after i replied again , i never got another response . i just figured out what the issue was , but i could n't do so before getting charged again . disappointed in the customer service .
this app is great and it already helping me stay on track with some things . it 's surprising how much imaginary experience points can motivate . but , i am having a bug where dailies ca n't be set for a given day , they just revert to all days being checked . i want this app to keep me accountable for working out on certain days , so this is a major flaw .
edit : uninstalled it , takes too much interest . honestly i find it not working offline a major issue . i liked it but it is too slow and laggy not to mention the various bugs in game . just today i was trying to add a new tag , i entered it about 5 times before i gave up and them 15 minutes later i find the tag i entered repeated 3 times , so i try to remove the other two . also trying to organise the tasks ' order , the keep going back to their original order . sometimes when i finish a task and check it , it does n't work . and in the habits it stops working some times and other times it checks the habit twice positive or twice negative .
i wanted to give the app more stars as i love the concept , but it 's so buggy . especially with the dailies feature ... all the dailies are linked together somehow . there are some things i do mon-sat for instance , but not on sundays . but when i set a task to not repeat on sunday , it sets all tasks that way . very frustrating .
this is a great app and it really helped me do my tasks but it does n't work properly . for example when i try to move a habit so that the list is in the order i want it to be , the app glitches and the habit is sent back to the top . i know those problems are almost insignificant but it gets seriously annoying sometimes . fix those little problems and i 'll give this app the five stars it deserves .
there are bugs that break the immersion for me . it 's not as responsive as it looks , and the design should be worked out in the app . to complete a challenge , i need to post my goal on the chat , fine . but then i can not access the chat room through the app , and i need to use the browser for that . please improve the user xp .
this app is a great idea and i love all the features . however , no matter what i set the day start time to for daily tasks to reset , they keep resetting at some seemingly random point in the middle of the day despite me having it at 2am , which is causing all of my evening tasks and some of my midday tasks to fail as i have n't done them yet . i 'm not sure if the app thinks i 'm in a different time zone or what but it 's very irritating . if they fix that it 's 5 stars for sure .
great until last update . love the app , its a great tool , but since the last update , i frequently get server error notifications , and the app does n't function in any capacity ( ca n't chat in party , dailies and habits do n't refresh , etc. ) . rebooting my phone and reinstalling the app did not solve the issue . i 'd happily give this a 5-star if this could be fixed and i could get back to my daily log-ins and updates .
i 've only started using this this morning ; so far i 'm hoping it helps with motivating me to accomplish things . it 's definitely a great idea ! i kind of am wishing the was done sort of story line to follow along with , like ones you have so many days of completing so many habits you get a clue to find whatever your quest goal is , or something like that would make it more exciting ... i 'll update my review once i 'm a week or 2 in .
okay but i wish it had options to increase exp and stays for example when you read a book gain x intuition when you run x times you gain x stamina , etc etc and get rewards and level that way . gives more motivation for doing those things .
great app , i only have one complaint : the tavern system does n't work . i went on vacation and knew i would n't be able to complete my dailies or even open the app for that matter , so i entered the tavern thinking i was safe for the couple weeks i 'd be gone . i just reopened the app and it told me i had died twice , took all of my gold , two of my items , and decreased two levels . honestly considering deleting the app now , as i had over 100 gold saved and lost a piece of rare equipment
decent app , but would be so much better if you could set the worth of your tasks . some tasks are simple , like 'drink more water ' , others like 'save $ 2000 ' . theres nothing but a crude difficulty rating to differentiate tasks . we cam create rewards and their worth , why wouldnt we have control of the amount of points for the tasks ? ?
i love the idea of it but i am having a hard time trying to get started . as i am setting up my dailies anything that i set for weekly seemed like they are all linked together so if i change my days on one task it changes on something else . i like what it trying to do but if this is n't corrected then i will have to find another app .
it 's fine to use to check off stuff and gain/lose habits and get rewarded for it , but the formatting is so ugly and it 's so easy to cheat which kinda defeats the purpose of the app . like you can make yourself level 100 or give yourself 2,000 gold if you want to . plus there 's a lot of bugs even though habitica has been alive since either 2015 or 2014 so that kinda says it all for how much the staff is on things .
incredibly useful service and thanks so much for creating it . the app tends to be buggy , but nothing that could n't easily be worked around until the last update . since the last update drag and drop sorting of to do ( and i suspect dailies as well ) subtasks/checklists no longer works which is really frustrating . at least the website works great as always . it 's just frustrating to have to run down to the computer to fix my lists .
i really like this app though i 've only used it a week . i have some suggestions though , when i add a habit i 'd like to add it for the week but not weekends . in daily tasks i can + the same task more than once which is a bit like cheating , maybe add a pop up message that says `` you 've already done that today '' : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
over the years the platform has become stagnant . i was a huge proponent of habitica , using it for a few years and even paying for a subscription to support development ; but development beyond bug fixes never happened . it 's a good tool with a potent gamification component , but they 've failed to continue to make it engaging and interesting—and certainly not worth paying to support .
great concept , but there are numerous issues that i found right off the bat . the main one for me was the fact that , once you pick a subject for your journey you can never go back and change that . i mean , there are multiple journey subjects to choose from and maybe i want to focus on one aspect of my life at a time . the app treats life like a game , after all and most games allow you to start over with different settings . starting over in this game requires you to uninstall the app , reinstall the app and then create a brand new account . kind of silly and frustrating to boot . check out the level life up app instead . it has a much better platform .
this is one of the better habit tracker app ive tried . a couple of them i deleted after a few days just because they were so basic yet had the audacity to charge for a premium service . habitica seems to be much more realistic and actually has a more detailed u.i for setting yourself different kinds of targets/habits . but i would like to give this app 5 * once they link this app to your clock and calendar apps ( or build in ) & add more notification controls . looking forwards to updates .... tbc
the app is pretty good , but i wish there was a way to put weekly tasks in . i tried setting up a task that would go off weekly but i still lost health for not completing it daily . it would be nice to be able to put repeating tasks on the app that you do n't do every day , but repeat on a schedule , like laundry every sunday or something .
it 's a good sentiment but it did n't really work for me . i wanted to like it but the motivation for getting stuff outweighs the motivation to actually do the things you 're supposed to and unless you join a guild or any sort of group , there 's no accountability . if you do n't want to use it as a social app , then i ca n't imagine mustering up the focus and drive not to just lie .
a very interesting idea . i would give 5 stars , but there are minor bugs in the apps . i ca n't choose my user name , it says there are all taken . ( i 'm sure no one else would use it ) and i cant add a daily task . it shows an error when i try to add one . `` is not the enum for frequency `` or something similar . please fix this , i really love this idea .
please tell me how to undo an accidentally added habit , i feel like i 'm cheating when i delete and re-add a whole habit because it 's bugging me . otherwise the app is a gem . 3 stars till you fix this for me . it still does n't work , i do n't want to delete a task , i want to unclick a habit , because i 've accidentally clicked positive/negative and i ca n't undo it . even if i click the other one to make it even , it just registers it as a separate log .
this app is fine in concept , but the `` game '' part of habitica , arguably the reason you would use this app over other habit tracking apps , is just too boring and not that `` gamey '' to me , which does n't keep me motivated to keep going back to the app for my habits . concept is good , execution leaves much to be desired .
i would be happy to give the app a five star rating as i have reaped many benefits i directly relate to my usage of habitica , but i am prevented from doing so by recent events . i can only give you a three star rating because suddenly your application no longer functions , with no warning or information as to why or how to fix it . 500 characters is not enough to relay proper data on this issue to the dev team , likely by design , and for that i blame google play , not the dev team of habitica .
this app has done a good job of helping me keep track of tasks . dailies , habits , and the to do with checklists have been wonderful . i just do n't like the new redesign . nothing looks to be where it should be to me . it now feels bulky and clunky , and i feel like it will make me use it a lot less because it is now uncomfortable to look at .
i love habitica and i like the ui of the updated app , but i find it frustrating that the app does n't show all the content that the website does . normally this is just a small annoyance -- but now , after paying for a group plan for my family , i 'm discovering that my kids ca n't access the group tasks list via the app ! which makes the entire thing a waste of money since the whole point was to be able to create tasks for family chores . please tell me a fix is in the works !
overall decent experience . main areas i 'm not happy with are ui design choices . lots of wasted space and navigational steps that could be improved . wish i could see the content in more compressed format . also no night/dark theme which is important to me when using an app i night pull up before going to sleep or in early morning .
i prefer the browser version over the app version . it 's hard to find all the options in the app version . the app and browser also do n't sync well , and one time i lost all of my health and money upon opening my app version for the first time in a long while even though i had used the browser version earlier .
i liked , but in my cellphone had some bugs ( galaxy a8+ ) . i think if this app had a function to sync with the phone calendar ( google calendar or samsung calendar ) it would be much better
edit : reverted to old version or something and issues are back : ( edit : issue fixed and new update is great ! seems like you actually passed the issue along instead of making complaining subscriber have to repeat the complaint in email ... huge fan of habitica . used it for years . it was called habitrpg when i started . only to-do list app i have stuck to . encourages you to build good habits in a fun way . community-built . no ads ... worth subscribing to support the app .
loving it ! but are there themes on the horizon ? not a huge fan on purple ! and where can see a weekly/monthly summary of how i 'm keeping up with my dailies ? also i noticed a bug when i accidentally hit 'create ' multiple times for a new daily , it will create multiple instances of it .
having to find players to be able to do anything is a bit annoying , it 's really boring otherwise . reminders do n't work properly - i set a bunch for last night that never happened , and a bunch this morning that never happened . it 's not really built for proper daily routines including things you need to do twice per day so ... it 's not really useful for me .
decent app . works like intended but does have bugs for the extra `` game '' part of it . constantly have to close and reopen the app because the loading bar never really loads , or white screens . another thing is i dont think we should be paying 3 gems to change our class . i accidently chose a class when i upgraded enough , and i thought i was fine as the bottom said you can change a class later , except it didnt say we needed 3 gems to do it . i dont usually get that many gems unless i buy them .
this app is very helpful ! total game changer for my adhd . unfortunately , after level 25 the app becomes a money grab and the items you find and the equipment you can buy with coins get severely capped . but overall i 'm happy this app exists , it really helps me stay on track : ) perhaps if the game cost a few dollars to purchase the developers would n't need to resort to capping in order to create revenue from the app . i feel as though many people will quit once the rpg element is restricted .
i really enjoy this app up until about an hour ago . all of a sudden during a quest my party disappeared and my friends messaged me to ask what happened . i have also tried to join a help guild to ask but the app wont let me join a guild or post in chat at all now . please fix this bug so me and my friends can enjoy the app .
i love it . but the app keeps crashing when i try to invite friends to party and i ca n't buy gems .
i love it , compared to other apps like it . but i do miss the features that epic win has , that you can sort your to do s based on the day .. so you can set up to dos for the future , while in habits it all shows in one list instead of being separated by date
decent app . fun concept . biggest issue right now is that some of the dailies that are supposed to be once per week are still showing up as an every-day task , which is very annoying . sometimes the dailies will cross over into the to-do list for an hour or so at a time , too .
first time and first day was everyting amazing , but the next day for several time it showed the `` connection error '' message . i loved everyting in the app , very visual and fun , so when this issue gets fixed i will come back to give more stars .
it is a very good app , but it has many glitches . the widget requires you to open the app to update and in some occasions even when you check some activities as completed they still appear in your list . it is a good app , but it does n't run smoothly .
i have been using this app for a while , really trying to get to grips with it but i 've come to conclude that it 's not me . if you feel like you need less complexity in your life them this probably is n't for you as this adds a new system that you have to get to grips with and plus the gamification aspect can be quite destracting and finnecky . i think if this were to ever be useful for me it would need a separate environment for tasks , habits and dailies .
im giving it 3 stars . it deserves 5 stars for the app but getting 3 cause after i bought some gems there were some shady withdrawals which means the privacy protection for my card was breached ... and im 99 % sure its from habitica cause this happened right after the purchase . please increase your cyber security for card transactions .
useless unless it gets updated so we can use it offline as well . the best time i have for updating it is en route to & from uni and i ca n't do that without internet . otherwise it would have been a bomb app . : (
i 've just installed this as and wo n't be using it due to it requiring you to create an account and login . it sounds like a fantastic app , but i 'd much rather my data was stored locally where only i have access to it .
idea is cool ( not for everyone ) ; i 'm removing 1 star for not having any charts for the habits themselves ; and 1 star for the funky behavior of tasks screen - i 'd edit some task from dailies and after it 's saved , i 'm placed back to habits , for example .
hi i like this app : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : it could be better if the todo list 's tasks were sorted by their deadline and also today 's tasks had a different color ! ! and a reward could be a game which needs some coins to play them ! thank you ! !
this app is a fantastic idea , but man is it buggy . i 'm constantly having to restart the app or check it later because it 's bugging out . would be 5 stars otherwise .
great idea , and everything looks good but the top and bottom buttons are covered by navigation bar on the pixel 3 xl making it unusable . could n't even click the button to report the bug within the app so i 'll change my rating once this is fixed .
: ( i cant log in after because i need to add a username . i did it , but the app froze when i was adding my username and now it seems is taken ... when it was n't . i tried again with a different one and happened again : (
great concept , unfortunately sometimes a bit buggy implementation : really weird back stack handling and syncs do n't work quite often . staying with it for now hoping on things to be fixed in the future .
its great productivity app but not the one that motivates me or to fun to use personally . the game theme is cool but not the one i like . i like the original task apps better with all neat features since this one does n't really have any .
with the latest update it seems that when i update the frequency for one task it messes up the frequency and repeat days of the week for another task which is annoying as i was using the app to track my weekly tasks
i 'd love to see class selection . as an option when you start the game . i was forced to be warrior without an option to change . i even went to setting and nothing there to change it either ...
its a very good game and i like it but to buy most things in the game you have to get gems or a subscription which you both to pay for . also i do n't seem to get anything when i purchase the enchanted armoire .
i constantly get a message `` problem with the server `` please fix this , i liked the app a lot but i am unable to use it cause it does n't connect nor update my tasks
a great app ! has some kinks that need ironing and i 'll update when they 're done . but i love this app and use it daily - as intended : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
it works great for me but my friends are dealing with the days not reseting and are n't able to deal damage our monster .... please i cant do this alone . our party needs help .
the app crashes very often . you also have to restart the app every time for a reward to show up in your inventory .
the app is great except for being internet dependant and lacking an undo button or a button lock for unintended log entries i know there is an edit your character section but there is no record of past entries to use as reference
latest update is super buggy ; ca n't change if i want my dailys to be every 2 days , 3 days , etc . because the keyboard jumps up and immediately disappears . really annoying .
fun way to track habits . it would be great if you could update tasks without an interent connection and then just sync the next time your connected like many other trackers
interesting and promising but not refined or intuitive . chat function is one of the worst i 've ever encountered .
i really enjoyed the experience of using this app i like it but it does n't work offline so i ca n't use it properly so please make it offline or at least se fundamental features .
nice and useful app . feels quite buggy though , and the party chat goes the wrong way if you 're used to any other chat app .
hey ! the app is great but ca n't deal with the constant glitches and crashes . cheers !
i love this app but the latest update is buggy and does not record when i check off tasks . please fix !
habit widgets stopped working . after a day they just go blank and do n't ever come back . the widgets where my favorite part of this app so that 's too bad : (
a lot of bugs for an app that tells you to pay to support its development .
fix the glitch where if you want to change the streak of a daily the keyboard pops up and gos down . super annoying
too complex as a game ! the time i spent tried to understanding how it work could have been spent actually working !
love the app , but i have a question . in the options under daily tasks , we can choose between daily or weekly , what 's the difference ?
i just wish you could use this offline even if would n't record progress . just make it accessible offline
the website is buggy , but enjoyable . the app , however , feel almost nonfunctional .
why does n't adjusting habit streak reflect in health and experience ( say if i accidentally clicked + or - for a habit ) ?
timezone feature broken . the gamification was a little too complicated and too much for my needs .
clunky , annoying lag time after button presses , often wo n't update upon opening
i really like this , however i 'm not able to stay with it for long periods of time . this one and others i 've tried and i just ca n't stay motivated ....
bug : message can not be displayed on app ! android 9 , nokia 6.1 plus
missing a few good features and is n't always the most stable of apps
super cute and motivating but the server seems to constantly bug out on me
useless , as you can not group habits , but gamifying idea is good , maybe they will fix it
gamification is good designed but the app works kind of laggy , 5 star when redesigned
very good app , but i wish it can be used offline : )
needs internet connection and is a pain to set up simole tasks .
it miss my data after updating.i ca n't use it easily .
i love it but my daily tasks dont reset at midnight so i cant use it in the morning im in western canada what timezones should i set this to so it works for me ? irs just frustrating not being able to use it for the majority of my day
it 's good but has some points to improve .
finally is working , but i had to erase the data on my cellphone =/ later i 'm going to check what happened with the avatar . until then the rating gon na stay still
force closes when trying to create challenge
it is a great idea , do n't get me wrong , but why the need for a chat room ?
the idea behind it its very good but it wont even let me log in ...
good idea but this is n't for me . i am much more for classic habit apps .
having some equipment related bugs
app needs work , poor sync with website
bags lags . usable , but painful
notifications are great so far .
it has great promise but i cant use it offline so its worthless to me .
ehh it 's just way too confusing for me to understand and do anything . my health would probably go to 0 if i actually did know what i was doing anyways lmao
idk if its my phone ( android ) but i dont receive push notifications nor reminder for this app : /
just downloaded the app better review later on
interesting organizer , but is there any other way to earn gems without buying them ?
no option to set daily tasks as only monday to friday .
an ok , but expensive app
my friend loves this app , but its not for me
beautiful idea , bad design
# # # # # # please make offline version because most of studious people can not afford online apps so if you want good ratting please make part 2 offline
neat concept , just not for me .
wants me to write a username , but says `` username already taken '' , even when i put nonsense in .
please fix the date format , we 're not all backward americans ...
my life is a game and i should quit to desktop lmao
nice , but not what i need for now
the app is what you expect .
i dont get the point of the game
not bad , still new user tho
miss the dark theme
não consigo mudar a linguagem , já fui nas opções e tudo mas sempre atualiza e fica no inglês .
ребят , конечно круто что вы сделали это в виде игры . только вот , вы бы могли доработать такие вещи : - сбивается сортировка задач после выхода из приложения . я хочу чтобы у меня постоянно была сортировка по не выполненим ежедневным задачам . - я закрыла прогу на вкладке `` ежедневные задачи '' . хочу чтобы при повторном открытии она была также на этой вкладке .
parece una gran app , pero no se me actualiza el idioma a español , a pesar de que ya lo configure para que asi sea . una lastima
the big cons to this app : dailies tab always shows all of my weekly duties , instead of the daily ones . i change this in the filter but once i reopen the app , it switches back to showing everything . what 's the point of a filter when the app does n't save it ? ( galaxy note 8 ) also , why is there no dark mode ? my eyes are screaming at night .
cool concept , but i do n't have the attention span for it .
ok ok ok
would be good if it is made offline atleast for todos
offline support ? at least make an offline list feature .
laggy .
i like the concept of the app and the fun gamification of reaching your goals however it is super buggy on android . the app is constantly quitting unexpectedly , not closing tasks properly and not doing rewards properly . i 've reported it multiple times now and there has never been any update to fix it . i recommend going with another app if you have an android device to save yourself the frustration .
please make the reminder work ! ! ! it 's really important for me to remember things because i forget and do n't do it in the end .
app is slow and unresponsive , makes using it a pain
i like it a lot , but i think it needs a way to tell what day you 're in . it does ask if you did things yesterday , but i sometimes get reminders for things on the wrong days ... it 's still a very good resource .
i ca n't allocate skill points ? while it 's not something massive , it certainly is a little frustrating .
i would like it better if you could add days of the week that would be super helpful . for example , i only workout monday thru friday so if i could have it remind me monday thru friday that would be super helpful
i like the idea , especially the differentiation between dailies , habits , and to-dos , but i need to be able to see the history . uninstalled - will stick to daylio for now .
it 's a good app but it always need to be online to use the app . most of the items are in-app purchase .
widget not working
pretty buggy still . love habitica and really wish the app was n't so painful to use . many times , the bottom half of the screen becomes numb to taps . marking many teams done usually fails and means you have to unmark and then mark again . some real polish is sorely needed
initially i gave it 4 stars but after using it worked great based on how it was created but lacked important features like offline functionality on mobile , sorting your todo list by date , and calendar syncing . overall if you 're not very particular about these it works great in gamifying habits .
to-dos should be named to quest , do n't feel like im playing a game with a boring to do list , its very depressing ... now a quest i think it fits better the description . also why does this app does n't have any financial options to help me keep track of bills , debt ! !
i really do like this , but there 's one ( probably petty ) reason i have given it a three . my class . i can not seem to change from warrior to something else . this is a problem to me because i personally hate the warrior class in games . this makes me less motivated to stop my warrior from losing health and the such . i would be much more motivated to help my healer .
the application consistantly tells me i have no internet connection , and has become a pain to use . i know i have internet , it is slow , but present . the application would be much more useful if it could keep track and update your progress when it feels the connection is stable enough .
the app is okay . it would be nice if i could sort tasks by due date , change the order of to-dos manually without bugs , and have the option of dark mode . streaks for dailies should be more visual so as to increase motivation . undo button is a must . sometimes the touches do n't register , quite a few small bugs .
best and most effective habit app i 've tried . however , adding new tasks is very frustrating , because the sorting feature is buggy . sometimes the item you 're moving disappears for a time , sometimes the item jumps out of place . this might sound trivial , but i have a lot of tasks , and being able to sort them is an essential feature for me . i 'm on android 6.0 ( lg g4 ) .
i like the idea and will probably keep using it but it keeps telling me i 'm not connected to the internet even though i am . i do n't know whether it 's working fine and throwing errors or if i might be missing features due to these errors . nonetheless worth downloading .
it 's too confusing for me . i got the part , how to play the game . but the rewards are too many and too confusing . would have loved the app , if the game was simple with better graphics .
buggy . stuck with a connection to server error which seems ridiculous because all the app truly has to do is figure out what day it is and let you mark tasks off as complete . nice concept , as it does make doing daily chores and setting goals a bit more fun to complete . but there 's still a long way to go .
can not add tags to anything . the remainder setting is a little clumsy . please make it simple by changing it to daily , weekdays or weekends . except for that everything else is cool .
it 's pretty neat , helps get things done , especially if there 's people in your every day life to play and compete with . adding a to- done list that kept log of the to- dos you check off would be cool . and adding some sort of actual gameplay with the avatars and the items you gather might be neat too
i love this app , buuuut ... there 's a lot of small simple things that can be added to the actual organization system that can make it much more effective on people for now ( bigger concerns ) , - please allow task ( and etc . ) making/ setting/ marking ( and etc . ) to be allowed to be done offline , it 's worth it and will be effective trust me - when making tasks and all that good stuff there 's an option to have a start date . this does nothing , i suggest that this should let the said task or etc to only show up on the date you stated , or have a tag you can activate to show it , or at least not turn red or damage you until the start date of your choice , or just some concept of long term task setting ( please ) - when i try to make a party in the mobile app it directs me to a window in chrome , that then tells me to use the mobile app . really love this , best of wishes in developing : ) ) )
although much improved , the app could still use some work . it does n't do landscape , and still needs ui improvements when working with pets and items .
great concept but too buggy . my brother had the same problem so he uninstalled it .
this is a really good app . it 's what i 'm looking for . but i wish it was available offline so that i could add/edit my tasks , to dos , habits and rewards
uhmm i love the idea of this and enjoy using it at the same time . it will be amazing if the app could offer to change the date format , for ex actually it is month/day/year for me it 's too weird , i 'll prefer something like year/month/day or day/month/year
okay .. thing is this app is almost gender biased .. the starting avatar it gave is already set in female .. and you 'll have to earn something to get beard and mustache ... i thought it will be custom task set ups .. but it 's already given ... lags a bit too ..
it 's really good , i would appreciate it even better if i could save tasks offline .
i 'm liking the app so far , but the widget does not sync with the app so renders that function useless .. suggestion to add a refresh button to the widgets so i do n't have to open the app every time
there should be an option to undo last action , for accidentally pressing the wrong button .
i love this app , and would give it a 5 star review , except i ca n't get my dailies to reset after yesterday and that puts a major damper on my quests .
hi i ca n't see my avatar and related things ... : angry_face :
the app keeps freezing on the tasks screen
in beta test have a many bug for example when i starts my day in my hp is lost ! ! ! i die agian and agian.i lost my exp.i lost my sword .
well it was good until it just kept crashing and i do n't know why
too many bugs
not available offline . tsk .
seems like i really great app , but i just installed it and i could n't get passed the avatar creation screen : /
my friend loves this app , but its not for me
i 'm constantly finding little glitches in the game that throw off what i am trying to do when i am trying to earn points . thank goodness for husband and siblings who have played this enough to know how to fix things when they go buggy but i do n't appreciate not being able to go to customer service or send a quick email to help them update the system and fix it .
i 've been using habitica for a few years now and while i love the idea , from a technical standpoint the mobile app is broken . it feels like something you would have on your phone back when touchscreens were a new thing . the most annoying bugs are : party screen not updating after you accept a quest invitation so you 're not sure if you accepted it , spamming buffs sometimes reduces your mana without actually applying the buff and party chat not updating ( have to restart the app to see new messages )
just downloaded the app better review later on
interesting concept to improve productivity ! whenever i click on a link and come back to the app , i am unable to view contents in the app .
looks promising but i ca n't create avatar due to this error : path 'profile name ' is required .
ok i like it , but know what ? the experience points keep expanding but not with health . simultaneously , you will be sent backward everytime you lose your health while to refill health you need to max up the exp point . please fix this
is there any ways to see your progress in graphic ? like daily task you 've done and see it in graphic stats or something ? because i can seems to find one in the apps or did i miss something ? i wsnt to know and compare my tasks daily . the ui and everything is good tho except for that graphical stats daily i cant find one here dev
it 's fun , a great concept , but the app itself needs work . it locks up constantly and has to be manually shut down and then re-started , and the reminders basically do n't work at all . honestly i think it would be best to remove the reminder feature for now until it can be fixed , because not having a way to set one at all is better than using the feature and thinking you 'll get a needed reminder when you wo n't because it does n't actually work .
i like the app and it 's a pity that i wo n't keep on using it because of the absence of monthly overview for dailies which i need most from a habit tracker instead of useless strikes
game is great , can give back results where you put in effort . however when i last tried to put in a task everything was empty and i cant seem to log back in .
the game is very buggy , i just bought a reward , then the app crashed , and the gold i 've spent is gone , but i did n't receive the reward . these kind of experiences unfortunately decrease the gaming fun tremendously , and it could be such a good game otherwise !
love the idea but the app is so buggy and not too user friendly at points . first off , i ca n't change my character when creating an account because nothing pops up . it 's just missing so i end up with a female characters . i have galaxys10 and tried reinstalling app but nope , seems to be just a bug . also , changing outfits just seems terrible to scroll through ( the not user friendly part ) the good idea is amazing ! i really want this app to improve so i can incorporate this into my daily life .
this is a good app to motivate , but wished there would be analytics to show progress like graphs , etc .
looks good but lack of dark mode kills it for my phone . i ca n't stand any app that 's mostly bright b white . went with liferpg instead .
love the app . love the rewards . but , i wish that it showed you past dates and all you accomplished on days previous , and i wish that the coloring of tasks was n't so complicated when getting close to red or blue or whatever . also , certain things are hard to navigate ... but overall , i absolutely love this app . use it every day . not so much for challenges or battles , but for habit making and to do 's .
i really love the idea this app has but it has some bugs . the first 2 pages are blank and when i had to make my character everything was blank too . after updating the app it was still the same . ( im using a samsung s8 if thats important ) hope you guys fix it cuz i 'd love to use the app .
the concept is inventive , but the execution simply makes this app less than enticing to use .
app has been useful in helping me keep track of tasks and all , but lately the alarms i set on my dailies have n't been going off at all . which is ... unfortunate , because they 're all to remind me to eat ...
first two slides does n't load , the character in character creation & menu items are invisible , pls fix .
it does n't work offline and when i 'm actually online i need also a vpn to use it : - (
the to do list should allow prioritizing tasks by importance and urgency . it would be great if you could add that .
had a great experience when i was using it thru browser but when i installed it on my phone , it wouldnt record all my progress and tasks on my phone application . even with the same account . please work it out , i would love to keep using thru my phone .
i really like this , however i 'm not able to stay with it for long periods of time . this one and others i 've tried and i just ca n't stay motivated ....
i liked , but in my cellphone had some bugs ( galaxy a8+ ) . i think if this app had a function to sync with the phone calendar ( google calendar or samsung calendar ) it would be much better
it seems so cool and i wanted to use it as soon as possible but it wont even let me log in . it takes 1second to load and then nothing happens
cute , but seems like it would benefit from a way to set eg monthly or annual reminders for bills and birthdays without going to a google script .
it 's a cool app and it kinda helps me but you are forced to be a warrior . it says you can change your class in the settings , but there is no option .
friend was permabanned for calling another friend a `` mad c * * t * '' in party chat , but here in australia that 's a compliment ... tl ; dr over-sensitive language filter , should allow party chat to be unfiltered .
it needs a better way to schedule the to do list . an easy way to schedule your day , week and even month . it needs a calendar to see things with a bird eye view . i like the game thing , but it needs more functions and to be more practical .
app is amazing but ios version is so much better than android version . it has many other settings while this one lacks them . i hope this gets fixed so i can change my rate to 5 stars .
não consigo mudar a linguagem , já fui nas opções e tudo mas sempre atualiza e fica no inglês .
okay but i wish it had options to increase exp and stays for example when you read a book gain x intuition when you run x times you gain x stamina , etc etc and get rewards and level that way . gives more motivation for doing those things .
disappointed . had the app installed for a few weeks only , i was enjoying it and improving my life and suddenly it stopped working . i keep getting notifications saying that there 's no connection , i ca n't log anything , and once i decided to reinstall again and again , i ca n't even log in anymore . the screen wo n't load and it never goes past the login/register screen .
all my tasks are gone and unable to load anything .
the concept is great and it 's a fun way to keep track of your habits . my only gripes are : -i wish there was a better way to see habit streaks . the number is cool but if we could see it on a calendar like view i think that would be helpful . you could miss a day and if streaks are n't set to reset the number remains unchanged . -better explanation of the colors on streaks . i still do n't know what they mean ( going to google it ) . -you ca n't use rogue skills because you get a blue screen .
ребят , конечно круто что вы сделали это в виде игры . только вот , вы бы могли доработать такие вещи : - сбивается сортировка задач после выхода из приложения . я хочу чтобы у меня постоянно была сортировка по не выполненим ежедневным задачам . - я закрыла прогу на вкладке `` ежедневные задачи '' . хочу чтобы при повторном открытии она была также на этой вкладке .
neat concept , just not for me .
why it is not giving me notifications for dailies ?
fantastic idea ! ! ! i 've actively been seeking something just like this for a long time . but the app itself is super glitchy . most things wont load and everything keeps resetting . it might be my connection or my phone . i 'm not sure . hoping i can figure it out cause i love this !
# # # # # # please make offline version because most of studious people can not afford online apps so if you want good ratting please make part 2 offline
i like this app but this is the buggiest app i ever had i been using this for years and still havent fix them
great idea , it needs some improvements imo . edit : after playing for a while i noticed some things that definitely need improvement . faster loading times when changing sections or when receiving items , you should n't have to refresh to see them . that also applies when feeding pets where i dont see a progress in the bar unless i refresh . etc .
enjoying the app so far , but the widgets are quite limiting . you can not use check lists in the widgets , and sometimes they update rather weirdly . i have also had ui bugs throughout , but they have n't affected me too much . overall good , but just needs some tweaking to make it more solid . that 's not to say the service is bad . just the mobile app .
love this app . its helped me with my motivation and procrastinating . i 've been more motivated since using it . but i 'm having a very frustrating issue that is driving my ocd insane . i try to move a task in my list ... only for it to disappear or move itself somewhere i did n't tell it to go . i try to keep my list in a certain order of how i should get things done and this is not helping me at all .
i love it . but the app keeps crashing when i try to invite friends to party and i ca n't buy gems .
force closes when trying to create challenge
i 've been actively using this and i love the concept . app version could really use a new ui . dark mode would be appreciated , and maybe letting users adjust font or size of boxes . ( feels too large right now . it would easily hold more details , but space is lost to a big box )
it miss my data after updating.i ca n't use it easily .
decent app . fun concept . biggest issue right now is that some of the dailies that are supposed to be once per week are still showing up as an every-day task , which is very annoying . sometimes the dailies will cross over into the to-do list for an hour or so at a time , too .
the app is great except for being internet dependant and lacking an undo button or a button lock for unintended log entries i know there is an edit your character section but there is no record of past entries to use as reference
its a very good game and i like it but to buy most things in the game you have to get gems or a subscription which you both to pay for . also i do n't seem to get anything when i purchase the enchanted armoire .
it is a great idea , do n't get me wrong , but why the need for a chat room ?
over the years the platform has become stagnant . i was a huge proponent of habitica , using it for a few years and even paying for a subscription to support development ; but development beyond bug fixes never happened . it 's a good tool with a potent gamification component , but they 've failed to continue to make it engaging and interesting—and certainly not worth paying to support .
miss the dark theme
gamification is good designed but the app works kind of laggy , 5 star when redesigned
the app is what you expect .
having some equipment related bugs
parece una gran app , pero no se me actualiza el idioma a español , a pesar de que ya lo configure para que asi sea . una lastima
nice and useful app . feels quite buggy though , and the party chat goes the wrong way if you 're used to any other chat app .
too complex as a game ! the time i spent tried to understanding how it work could have been spent actually working !
i love habitica and i like the ui of the updated app , but i find it frustrating that the app does n't show all the content that the website does . normally this is just a small annoyance -- but now , after paying for a group plan for my family , i 'm discovering that my kids ca n't access the group tasks list via the app ! which makes the entire thing a waste of money since the whole point was to be able to create tasks for family chores . please tell me a fix is in the works !
i 've just installed this as and wo n't be using it due to it requiring you to create an account and login . it sounds like a fantastic app , but i 'd much rather my data was stored locally where only i have access to it .
useless , as you can not group habits , but gamifying idea is good , maybe they will fix it
good idea but this is n't for me . i am much more for classic habit apps .
i really enjoyed the experience of using this app i like it but it does n't work offline so i ca n't use it properly so please make it offline or at least se fundamental features .
i really enjoy this app up until about an hour ago . all of a sudden during a quest my party disappeared and my friends messaged me to ask what happened . i have also tried to join a help guild to ask but the app wont let me join a guild or post in chat at all now . please fix this bug so me and my friends can enjoy the app .
i 'd love to see class selection . as an option when you start the game . i was forced to be warrior without an option to change . i even went to setting and nothing there to change it either ...
the app is pretty good , but i wish there was a way to put weekly tasks in . i tried setting up a task that would go off weekly but i still lost health for not completing it daily . it would be nice to be able to put repeating tasks on the app that you do n't do every day , but repeat on a schedule , like laundry every sunday or something .
i love this app but the latest update is buggy and does not record when i check off tasks . please fix !
a great app ! has some kinks that need ironing and i 'll update when they 're done . but i love this app and use it daily - as intended : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
this app has done a good job of helping me keep track of tasks . dailies , habits , and the to do with checklists have been wonderful . i just do n't like the new redesign . nothing looks to be where it should be to me . it now feels bulky and clunky , and i feel like it will make me use it a lot less because it is now uncomfortable to look at .
idea is cool ( not for everyone ) ; i 'm removing 1 star for not having any charts for the habits themselves ; and 1 star for the funky behavior of tasks screen - i 'd edit some task from dailies and after it 's saved , i 'm placed back to habits , for example .
best
finally is working , but i had to erase the data on my cellphone =/ later i 'm going to check what happened with the avatar . until then the rating gon na stay still
why does n't adjusting habit streak reflect in health and experience ( say if i accidentally clicked + or - for a habit ) ?
bug : message can not be displayed on app ! android 9 , nokia 6.1 plus
idk if its my phone ( android ) but i dont receive push notifications nor reminder for this app : /
interesting and promising but not refined or intuitive . chat function is one of the worst i 've ever encountered .
love the app , but i have a question . in the options under daily tasks , we can choose between daily or weekly , what 's the difference ?
missing a few good features and is n't always the most stable of apps
the website is buggy , but enjoyable . the app , however , feel almost nonfunctional .
fix the glitch where if you want to change the streak of a daily the keyboard pops up and gos down . super annoying
the big cons to this app : dailies tab always shows all of my weekly duties , instead of the daily ones . i change this in the filter but once i reopen the app , it switches back to showing everything . what 's the point of a filter when the app does n't save it ? ( galaxy note 8 ) also , why is there no dark mode ? my eyes are screaming at night .
i have been using this app for a while , really trying to get to grips with it but i 've come to conclude that it 's not me . if you feel like you need less complexity in your life them this probably is n't for you as this adds a new system that you have to get to grips with and plus the gamification aspect can be quite destracting and finnecky . i think if this were to ever be useful for me it would need a separate environment for tasks , habits and dailies .
edit : reverted to old version or something and issues are back : ( edit : issue fixed and new update is great ! seems like you actually passed the issue along instead of making complaining subscriber have to repeat the complaint in email ... huge fan of habitica . used it for years . it was called habitrpg when i started . only to-do list app i have stuck to . encourages you to build good habits in a fun way . community-built . no ads ... worth subscribing to support the app .
fun way to track habits . it would be great if you could update tasks without an interent connection and then just sync the next time your connected like many other trackers
this app is very helpful ! total game changer for my adhd . unfortunately , after level 25 the app becomes a money grab and the items you find and the equipment you can buy with coins get severely capped . but overall i 'm happy this app exists , it really helps me stay on track : ) perhaps if the game cost a few dollars to purchase the developers would n't need to resort to capping in order to create revenue from the app . i feel as though many people will quit once the rpg element is restricted .
having to find players to be able to do anything is a bit annoying , it 's really boring otherwise . reminders do n't work properly - i set a bunch for last night that never happened , and a bunch this morning that never happened . it 's not really built for proper daily routines including things you need to do twice per day so ... it 's not really useful for me .
incredibly useful service and thanks so much for creating it . the app tends to be buggy , but nothing that could n't easily be worked around until the last update . since the last update drag and drop sorting of to do ( and i suspect dailies as well ) subtasks/checklists no longer works which is really frustrating . at least the website works great as always . it 's just frustrating to have to run down to the computer to fix my lists .
latest update is super buggy ; ca n't change if i want my dailys to be every 2 days , 3 days , etc . because the keyboard jumps up and immediately disappears . really annoying .
loving it ! but are there themes on the horizon ? not a huge fan on purple ! and where can see a weekly/monthly summary of how i 'm keeping up with my dailies ? also i noticed a bug when i accidentally hit 'create ' multiple times for a new daily , it will create multiple instances of it .
nice , but not what i need for now
it has great promise but i cant use it offline so its worthless to me .
cool concept , but i do n't have the attention span for it .
very good app , but i wish it can be used offline : )
wants me to write a username , but says `` username already taken '' , even when i put nonsense in .
i dont get the point of the game
clunky , annoying lag time after button presses , often wo n't update upon opening
timezone feature broken . the gamification was a little too complicated and too much for my needs .
im giving it 3 stars . it deserves 5 stars for the app but getting 3 cause after i bought some gems there were some shady withdrawals which means the privacy protection for my card was breached ... and im 99 % sure its from habitica cause this happened right after the purchase . please increase your cyber security for card transactions .
i just wish you could use this offline even if would n't record progress . just make it accessible offline
decent app . works like intended but does have bugs for the extra `` game '' part of it . constantly have to close and reopen the app because the loading bar never really loads , or white screens . another thing is i dont think we should be paying 3 gems to change our class . i accidently chose a class when i upgraded enough , and i thought i was fine as the bottom said you can change a class later , except it didnt say we needed 3 gems to do it . i dont usually get that many gems unless i buy them .
i prefer the browser version over the app version . it 's hard to find all the options in the app version . the app and browser also do n't sync well , and one time i lost all of my health and money upon opening my app version for the first time in a long while even though i had used the browser version earlier .
the idea behind it its very good but it wont even let me log in ...
notifications are great so far .
great concept , unfortunately sometimes a bit buggy implementation : really weird back stack handling and syncs do n't work quite often . staying with it for now hoping on things to be fixed in the future .
: ( i cant log in after because i need to add a username . i did it , but the app froze when i was adding my username and now it seems is taken ... when it was n't . i tried again with a different one and happened again : (
please tell me how to undo an accidentally added habit , i feel like i 'm cheating when i delete and re-add a whole habit because it 's bugging me . otherwise the app is a gem . 3 stars till you fix this for me . it still does n't work , i do n't want to delete a task , i want to unclick a habit , because i 've accidentally clicked positive/negative and i ca n't undo it . even if i click the other one to make it even , it just registers it as a separate log .
soo bugy
i constantly get a message `` problem with the server `` please fix this , i liked the app a lot but i am unable to use it cause it does n't connect nor update my tasks
super cute and motivating but the server seems to constantly bug out on me
it is a very good app , but it has many glitches . the widget requires you to open the app to update and in some occasions even when you check some activities as completed they still appear in your list . it is a good app , but it does n't run smoothly .
felt more like i was wasting time instead of getting something done .
not bad , still new user tho
the reminder system is not very robust , and that should be one of the most important things . i would like more than one daily reminder for everything . i will do tasks at different times of the day , thus i need reminders that are task specific . it also requires a connection in order for you to set tasks , and if you have no signal you are out of luck . i do love the idea , fix these two things and i 'll reinstall .
a very interesting idea . i would give 5 stars , but there are minor bugs in the apps . i ca n't choose my user name , it says there are all taken . ( i 'm sure no one else would use it ) and i cant add a daily task . it shows an error when i try to add one . `` is not the enum for frequency `` or something similar . please fix this , i really love this idea .
great app , i only have one complaint : the tavern system does n't work . i went on vacation and knew i would n't be able to complete my dailies or even open the app for that matter , so i entered the tavern thinking i was safe for the couple weeks i 'd be gone . i just reopened the app and it told me i had died twice , took all of my gold , two of my items , and decreased two levels . honestly considering deleting the app now , as i had over 100 gold saved and lost a piece of rare equipment
ok ok ok
habit widgets stopped working . after a day they just go blank and do n't ever come back . the widgets where my favorite part of this app so that 's too bad : (
it 's slow to update and pretty buggy , but it 's a good idea and helps me and my friends maintain accountability .
it 's a good sentiment but it did n't really work for me . i wanted to like it but the motivation for getting stuff outweighs the motivation to actually do the things you 're supposed to and unless you join a guild or any sort of group , there 's no accountability . if you do n't want to use it as a social app , then i ca n't imagine mustering up the focus and drive not to just lie .
it works great for me but my friends are dealing with the days not reseting and are n't able to deal damage our monster .... please i cant do this alone . our party needs help .
great until last update . love the app , its a great tool , but since the last update , i frequently get server error notifications , and the app does n't function in any capacity ( ca n't chat in party , dailies and habits do n't refresh , etc. ) . rebooting my phone and reinstalling the app did not solve the issue . i 'd happily give this a 5-star if this could be fixed and i could get back to my daily log-ins and updates .
would be good if it is made offline atleast for todos
overall decent experience . main areas i 'm not happy with are ui design choices . lots of wasted space and navigational steps that could be improved . wish i could see the content in more compressed format . also no night/dark theme which is important to me when using an app i night pull up before going to sleep or in early morning .
this app is a great idea and i love all the features . however , no matter what i set the day start time to for daily tasks to reset , they keep resetting at some seemingly random point in the middle of the day despite me having it at 2am , which is causing all of my evening tasks and some of my midday tasks to fail as i have n't done them yet . i 'm not sure if the app thinks i 'm in a different time zone or what but it 's very irritating . if they fix that it 's 5 stars for sure .
hey ! the app is great but ca n't deal with the constant glitches and crashes . cheers !
this is a great app and it really helped me do my tasks but it does n't work properly . for example when i try to move a habit so that the list is in the order i want it to be , the app glitches and the habit is sent back to the top . i know those problems are almost insignificant but it gets seriously annoying sometimes . fix those little problems and i 'll give this app the five stars it deserves .
bags lags . usable , but painful
useless unless it gets updated so we can use it offline as well . the best time i have for updating it is en route to & from uni and i ca n't do that without internet . otherwise it would have been a bomb app . : (
i love it but my daily tasks dont reset at midnight so i cant use it in the morning im in western canada what timezones should i set this to so it works for me ? irs just frustrating not being able to use it for the majority of my day
ehh it 's just way too confusing for me to understand and do anything . my health would probably go to 0 if i actually did know what i was doing anyways lmao
i would be happy to give the app a five star rating as i have reaped many benefits i directly relate to my usage of habitica , but i am prevented from doing so by recent events . i can only give you a three star rating because suddenly your application no longer functions , with no warning or information as to why or how to fix it . 500 characters is not enough to relay proper data on this issue to the dev team , likely by design , and for that i blame google play , not the dev team of habitica .
the app crashes very often . you also have to restart the app every time for a reward to show up in your inventory .
this is one of the better habit tracker app ive tried . a couple of them i deleted after a few days just because they were so basic yet had the audacity to charge for a premium service . habitica seems to be much more realistic and actually has a more detailed u.i for setting yourself different kinds of targets/habits . but i would like to give this app 5 * once they link this app to your clock and calendar apps ( or build in ) & add more notification controls . looking forwards to updates .... tbc
needs internet connection and is a pain to set up simole tasks .
it 's fine to use to check off stuff and gain/lose habits and get rewarded for it , but the formatting is so ugly and it 's so easy to cheat which kinda defeats the purpose of the app . like you can make yourself level 100 or give yourself 2,000 gold if you want to . plus there 's a lot of bugs even though habitica has been alive since either 2015 or 2014 so that kinda says it all for how much the staff is on things .
i love it , compared to other apps like it . but i do miss the features that epic win has , that you can sort your to do s based on the day .. so you can set up to dos for the future , while in habits it all shows in one list instead of being separated by date
hi i like this app : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : it could be better if the todo list 's tasks were sorted by their deadline and also today 's tasks had a different color ! ! and a reward could be a game which needs some coins to play them ! thank you ! !
interesting organizer , but is there any other way to earn gems without buying them ?
really unique app that motivates me to get stuff done . unfortunately , this app needs a lot of work . i tried writing a message in a guild chat . once it got long enough , the words disappeared behind my keyboard so i could n't see what i was writing . when i put the keyboard down , the send button disappeared .. as a result i could n't send my message . theres no search for trying to find a challenge that suits you . theres no notifications when your party is chatting . there is also no search for guilds . i just started this app and so for these are the problems i 've noticed . otherwise it is great and i hope it improves .
decent app , but would be so much better if you could set the worth of your tasks . some tasks are simple , like 'drink more water ' , others like 'save $ 2000 ' . theres nothing but a crude difficulty rating to differentiate tasks . we cam create rewards and their worth , why wouldnt we have control of the amount of points for the tasks ? ?
my life is a game and i should quit to desktop lmao
please fix the date format , we 're not all backward americans ...
edit : uninstalled it , takes too much interest . honestly i find it not working offline a major issue . i liked it but it is too slow and laggy not to mention the various bugs in game . just today i was trying to add a new tag , i entered it about 5 times before i gave up and them 15 minutes later i find the tag i entered repeated 3 times , so i try to remove the other two . also trying to organise the tasks ' order , the keep going back to their original order . sometimes when i finish a task and check it , it does n't work . and in the habits it stops working some times and other times it checks the habit twice positive or twice negative .
great concept , but there are numerous issues that i found right off the bat . the main one for me was the fact that , once you pick a subject for your journey you can never go back and change that . i mean , there are multiple journey subjects to choose from and maybe i want to focus on one aspect of my life at a time . the app treats life like a game , after all and most games allow you to start over with different settings . starting over in this game requires you to uninstall the app , reinstall the app and then create a brand new account . kind of silly and frustrating to boot . check out the level life up app instead . it has a much better platform .
beautiful idea , bad design
offline support ? at least make an offline list feature .
there are bugs that break the immersion for me . it 's not as responsive as it looks , and the design should be worked out in the app . to complete a challenge , i need to post my goal on the chat , fine . but then i can not access the chat room through the app , and i need to use the browser for that . please improve the user xp .
i really like this app though i 've only used it a week . i have some suggestions though , when i add a habit i 'd like to add it for the week but not weekends . in daily tasks i can + the same task more than once which is a bit like cheating , maybe add a pop up message that says `` you 've already done that today '' : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
no option to set daily tasks as only monday to friday .
this app is fine in concept , but the `` game '' part of habitica , arguably the reason you would use this app over other habit tracking apps , is just too boring and not that `` gamey '' to me , which does n't keep me motivated to keep going back to the app for my habits . concept is good , execution leaves much to be desired .
great idea , and everything looks good but the top and bottom buttons are covered by navigation bar on the pixel 3 xl making it unusable . could n't even click the button to report the bug within the app so i 'll change my rating once this is fixed .
i 've only started using this this morning ; so far i 'm hoping it helps with motivating me to accomplish things . it 's definitely a great idea ! i kind of am wishing the was done sort of story line to follow along with , like ones you have so many days of completing so many habits you get a clue to find whatever your quest goal is , or something like that would make it more exciting ... i 'll update my review once i 'm a week or 2 in .
an ok , but expensive app
app needs work , poor sync with website
it 's good but has some points to improve .
its great productivity app but not the one that motivates me or to fun to use personally . the game theme is cool but not the one i like . i like the original task apps better with all neat features since this one does n't really have any .
the app itself is pretty good . my issue came from having difficulties canceling my subscription . i described everything i was doing to try to do it , what i was seeing instead of the option to unsubscribe , etc . the solution suggested did not help , so i described the situation further . the next response came from a different person , who suggested a method i had already mentioned was not working for me . after i replied again , i never got another response . i just figured out what the issue was , but i could n't do so before getting charged again . disappointed in the customer service .
laggy .
this app is a fantastic idea , but man is it buggy . i 'm constantly having to restart the app or check it later because it 's bugging out . would be 5 stars otherwise .
a lot of bugs for an app that tells you to pay to support its development .
first time and first day was everyting amazing , but the next day for several time it showed the `` connection error '' message . i loved everyting in the app , very visual and fun , so when this issue gets fixed i will come back to give more stars .
i wanted to give the app more stars as i love the concept , but it 's so buggy . especially with the dailies feature ... all the dailies are linked together somehow . there are some things i do mon-sat for instance , but not on sundays . but when i set a task to not repeat on sunday , it sets all tasks that way . very frustrating .
this app has a nice interface and a great idea , but it seems to suffer the same issue i 've found of all habit trackers . i ca n't easily keep track of multiple daily iterations of a habit . if i want to create a habit of say drinking 5 bottles of water a day , i want to be able to check off and keep track of each bottle drunk , then get rewarded when i finish all five . most of the habits i want to develop fall in this category . could this be implemented in the future ?
this app is great and it already helping me stay on track with some things . it 's surprising how much imaginary experience points can motivate . but , i am having a bug where dailies ca n't be set for a given day , they just revert to all days being checked . i want this app to keep me accountable for working out on certain days , so this is a major flaw .
with the latest update it seems that when i update the frequency for one task it messes up the frequency and repeat days of the week for another task which is annoying as i was using the app to track my weekly tasks
i love the idea of it but i am having a hard time trying to get started . as i am setting up my dailies anything that i set for weekly seemed like they are all linked together so if i change my days on one task it changes on something else . i like what it trying to do but if this is n't corrected then i will have to find another app .
in beta test have a many bug for example when i starts my day in my hp is lost ! ! ! i die agian and agian.i lost my exp.i lost my sword .
please make the reminder work ! ! ! it 's really important for me to remember things because i forget and do n't do it in the end .
i like the concept of the app and the fun gamification of reaching your goals however it is super buggy on android . the app is constantly quitting unexpectedly , not closing tasks properly and not doing rewards properly . i 've reported it multiple times now and there has never been any update to fix it . i recommend going with another app if you have an android device to save yourself the frustration .
it needs to be online ! and the tasks are very limited .. response also are late
app is slow and unresponsive , makes using it a pain
widget not working
it 's to complicated to really be useful . it 's a great concept but i with the interface was simpler .
i like it a lot , but i think it needs a way to tell what day you 're in . it does ask if you did things yesterday , but i sometimes get reminders for things on the wrong days ... it 's still a very good resource .
i like the idea , especially the differentiation between dailies , habits , and to-dos , but i need to be able to see the history . uninstalled - will stick to daylio for now .
i ca n't allocate skill points ? while it 's not something massive , it certainly is a little frustrating .
it 's a good app but it always need to be online to use the app . most of the items are in-app purchase .
i would like it better if you could add days of the week that would be super helpful . for example , i only workout monday thru friday so if i could have it remind me monday thru friday that would be super helpful
it 's a great concept . though i uninstalled it . it feels too playful and the graphics and interface attract too much of my attention . i would have kept it if were simpler , more plain , less 16 bit ( in fact i 'd rather not have the avatar ) - if it did a better job at making me feel like the tasks i complete are meaningful , purposeful , tangible - not like i 'm doing them because i 'm some silly video game character and i want more shiny pixels . the tasks i would have listed on the app are real life tasks with real life consequences . in summary i was hoping it 'd bring a sense of game to my life , not make me feel like my life is an inconsequential game
i like the idea and will probably keep using it but it keeps telling me i 'm not connected to the internet even though i am . i do n't know whether it 's working fine and throwing errors or if i might be missing features due to these errors . nonetheless worth downloading .
everything is amazing but one thing : needs a high quality internet connection . if the connection is just a little bit low the app works terrible . sadly i do n't have a very good internet connection so as much as i love the app does n't work for me
not available offline . tsk .
the application consistantly tells me i have no internet connection , and has become a pain to use . i know i have internet , it is slow , but present . the application would be much more useful if it could keep track and update your progress when it feels the connection is stable enough .
uhmm i love the idea of this and enjoy using it at the same time . it will be amazing if the app could offer to change the date format , for ex actually it is month/day/year for me it 's too weird , i 'll prefer something like year/month/day or day/month/year
i 'm liking the app so far , but the widget does not sync with the app so renders that function useless .. suggestion to add a refresh button to the widgets so i do n't have to open the app every time
add an offline check in feature
could you make it offline for while .. i dont like being forced to be online all the time ..
too many bugs
it 's really good , i would appreciate it even better if i could save tasks offline .
i ca n't register because everytime i trie it says `` only letters from a to z '' and `` only numbers from 0 to 9 '' but i follow that and it still says the same thing everytime i trie again . probably because at the start it say login when im registering . do please fix this !
unconfortable interface , requires an internet connection , often freezes
well it was good until it just kept crashing and i do n't know why
this is a really good app . it 's what i 'm looking for . but i wish it was available offline so that i could add/edit my tasks , to dos , habits and rewards
okay .. thing is this app is almost gender biased .. the starting avatar it gave is already set in female .. and you 'll have to earn something to get beard and mustache ... i thought it will be custom task set ups .. but it 's already given ... lags a bit too ..
i love this app , buuuut ... there 's a lot of small simple things that can be added to the actual organization system that can make it much more effective on people for now ( bigger concerns ) , - please allow task ( and etc . ) making/ setting/ marking ( and etc . ) to be allowed to be done offline , it 's worth it and will be effective trust me - when making tasks and all that good stuff there 's an option to have a start date . this does nothing , i suggest that this should let the said task or etc to only show up on the date you stated , or have a tag you can activate to show it , or at least not turn red or damage you until the start date of your choice , or just some concept of long term task setting ( please ) - when i try to make a party in the mobile app it directs me to a window in chrome , that then tells me to use the mobile app . really love this , best of wishes in developing : ) ) )
i really do like this , but there 's one ( probably petty ) reason i have given it a three . my class . i can not seem to change from warrior to something else . this is a problem to me because i personally hate the warrior class in games . this makes me less motivated to stop my warrior from losing health and the such . i would be much more motivated to help my healer .
awesome app , love the prize feature . i would give 5 stars if these two issues were solved : 1. app does not notify me about dailies even though i set a reminder for 7:45am ; 2. one of my hobbies that can be checked as both positive and negative stays green forever after checking once , does not refresh at night , is that how its supposed to be ?
habitica is the best productivity app i 've used thus far . it lasted me for months . the quests are the most motivating feature , and i was able to take down a couple bosses solo . however , motivation dried up weeks into my first fetch quest because despite being extremely productive , i had no chance of finding even one shard . unless you 're comfortable teaming up with a bunch of strangers to take on quests , there becomes a point when being solo makes the quest motivation feature impossible .
the game is pretty fun , but it 's really frustrating to pay 100 coins for an enchanted armoire chest and only get experience or food . it 's honestly beginning to ruin the game for me . if it does n't change in about a month i 'm rewriting this review to leave a lower score .
i 've tried quite a few rpg-like to-do list apps and i must say this one is the only one that i find genuinely enjoyable , and actually kinda feels like a game . you can tell a lot of effort was put into the aesthetic , everything is very easy to access and is pleasing to the eye . although i think there should be a way to uncheck to-do 's . i keep accidentally clicking on them in the widget and remaking them every time is starting to get annoying .
i love this game . it has helped me do much it 's a bit of a learning curve . it would be nice if challenges were visible from the app in all of the guilds , and i would also like to see the last day and time that a habit was marked , because the colors do n't always change and if you have a lot of habits it gets confusing . otherwise , this app is brilliantly done and will be getting my monetary support in whatever way i can afford .
great app ! i would like more progression content . resetting levels is easy implementation , but gets stale quickly . mages do too much damage . but this app had been transformative and amazing . i will consider contributing to development .
thank you . i love the app and it 's helping me immensely already . the only suggestion i can think of is , i wish there was a way of keeping track of my previously completed tasks so i could look back on the progress i 've made . it would feel much more meaningful that way and serve as additional motivation .
it worked fine for a while , but now every time i click on a task/habit/goal to edit , the app crashes . i can tick off the task and plus on the habit just fine , but i ca n't edit anything now ... please look into fixing it soon ? edit : thank you , the latest update fixed it all !
so far so good , you have to be willing to set on the app for a bit to figure it out . it 's a rpg game based off of truth . the app does freeze fairly frequently but you just have to close it and reopen it and everything is back in order .
great app and service ! the user base is amazing and the staff is awesome . no notification when a challenge ends and no way to automatically remove its associated tasks . ca n't read the full text of challenge tasks before joining . the health/experience widget does n't display any information .
i like this app , and it 's really helped , but now i ca n't open it anymore . it crashes while loading , every time . i 've tried troubleshooting , restarting , deleting the cache , but nothing seems to work .
there are some things i feel need to be ironed out e.g . i found feeding the pets/mounts a bit buggy , but overall it has definitely helped me think more about my personal goals and how to approach them
great app , would be nice to be able to check the checklist items in todos .
great concept ! has me waking up on schedule and doing my tasks so i dont loose life and earn exp ! just one thing . i cant do quests . i got the dust bunnies quest but i have no clue what to do with it . help ?
i could n't change the language of this software , i tried it again and again , but the language did n't change .
it has been an effective motivator and tracker for me to accomplish the smaller tasks that get me closer towards my bigger goals . but there seems to be a bug - i ca n't seem to receive a friend 's party invite , though i am able to create my own party and invite friends to it . it 's a one way street in my app ! joining guilds and the self-care , self-sabotage info have been most educational and helpful .
i like the app a lot , but some features are a little annoying . i have a few suggestions . - more ways to tweak what the widgets look like ( currently they take up a lot of space ) . - it would be nice to see the completed tasks together with active tasks instead of them disappearing . - task subcategories ! please ! : green_heart : - biggest gripe : because of the way the entire list item is like a button , i keep accidentally checking tasks that were n't actually done . +bugged unchecking . pls fix . thanks : green_heart : :green_heart : :green_heart :
i just want to say that the tutorial was too much info , things like this should be explained in a short and concise way , at a good pace . it was just too long and too much to take in . i did n't even try the app though , i ca n't say what rating it deserves . i am unnistalling but i may come back to it in the future , it 's not you , it 's me . ( also , you ca n't delete your account on mobile but you can on desktop . i suggest people to try the desktop version since it may have more features )
it 's been a good way to get things done , and the concept of an rpg is very well executed . the reason for 4 out of 5 is simply regarding the interface . my wife uses it on ios and it is light-years beyond what we have on android . much cleaner , more useful information , and less clunkiness .
it was amazing ! i just did n't have the time to set it up all the way .
the ios app is lot better than this . please improve it as soon as possible .
i really like the concept of this app , the style , the features , and it has done its part in motivating my studies and organizing my life . however , the app needs some serious redesigning . the layout is difficult to navigate and the chat function is almost useless . the way challenges are organized could also use improvement . all in all , i like using it ( make an account a month ago ) , but the functionality needs to be improved
this app is an awesome ( and fun ) to-do list ! i like it a lot and it helps me out with my life and tasks every day . however , the app crashes whenever i try to sort to-dos by scheduled and it 's getting a bit frustrating .
so far it 's pretty good . i 've been using it about a week . sometimes it does n't refresh , but the other users on the app seem positive and friendly . there is a lot that i am learning through users that is n't actually explained in the app . like if you do n't do all your daily tasks , the whole party takes damage . so yeah , no pressure ! it would be nice for a better help options or a more detailed in-app-fist-time training/learning session . every 'first ' should option for more info !
could be better if it was completely free .
best app for daily routine but there are some issue such as you can get lot of coins and increase your level to infinit though settings . you should improve that because some one donot get motivated for doing task when you knew that you can change your level .
it really is worth it to download this app . thank you for designing this wonderful app ! thnks so much
have been looking for a way to incorporate the elements of gaming into making progress `` in real life '' . even tried inventing something for myself but paper tracking was a nightmare and having it in this app is just fantastic ! really like it and it has made a big difference ! the only reason i took it down a star is because it depletes my phone battery really fast if i am in the app for very long , such as when i am shopping or browsing challenges , so i do these things mostly on my pc . overall , great job ! would recommend this to anyone that enjoys gaming but is struggling with motivation in the real world .
great idea and i 'm enjoying it so far . chores and errands are much more fun . my one gripe so far is that it seems like most items/quests cost gems , which are pay to play . i 'm afraid i 'll pretty quickly run out of free items/quests to strive for and then the app will lose its effectiveness . it 'd be helpful if their were other ways to unlock gems outside of paying for them , like reaching extra high levels of productivity/habit building , etc .
this app is awesome could use better graphics but overall the idea of it is legit af
i 've been using this app for about a year now , i think . i love keeping myself accountable , and tracking what i 'm doing and what i 'm not each day . lately , i 've been getting push notifications for every single message that members of my party are sending in chat , none of which mention me . i 've switched off push notifications completely but they 're still coming through all the time . this is the only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars !
this app has really helped me get my stuff in order ! it also has an active community and good challenges ! it is a bit glitchy at times ( things do n't refresh , etc ) but overall it 's great ! edit : lol , the 'report a bug ' is glitched on my phone : p i had to manually send my info over , in the middle of fixing a glitch where my day wo n't reset - been broken for a week .
i 'm easily motivated by things like points and streaks , so this app works really well for me to increase my productivity and decrease my anxiety . i use rewards for breaks , and find that i get unpleasant but short tasks done much more often , because i can earn breaks quickly by just getting them over with . i also get my long , complicated , multi-part projects done early . i gave it four stars because there are a couple of features i 'd like to see , but it works great as is .
this is a very helpful and fun way to get yourself in the habit of doing things . the daily tasks are a fantastic way to get your daily stuff handled and check them off within the app . you 've got the ability to create to-do lists with due dates and notification reminders can make it ridiculously simple to get even the most complex task completed . on top of all this , seeing your character earn experience , new items and getting pets and mounts turns all the monotony into a wickedly awesome rpg .
i 'm surprised , this app actually works for me ! it helped me procrastinate less , but i also realised it works only if i remind myself to check the app a lot . i recommend it for those who have really bad procrastination problems like myself . even if the game style of this app is n't your thing , it 's a great to-do-list app for habits , daily reminders and general to-do items . only complaint is it 's glitchy for me when i want to customise my avatar .
not very expressive frame for activity descriptions , must be in the first stages of development . guilds look incredible diverse , very surprising it is a social app . seems the leveling function is standard gaming and well embedded . hope open sourcing it make it better fit . passing habits to to-do would be desirable .
i 've been wanting a habit tracker that is fun and this definitely is . there are a few loading issues every so often , if those bugs were n't there i 'd give 5 stars . all around though enjoyable , easy to use , and a great way to keep track of good and bad habits .
amazing app . some glitchy moments , but overall nothing too annoying . this app is so cool that i 'm ok with some glitches because in a very short time its already brought so much value to my life ! brilliant idea to get you into good habits and out of bad ones . in my experience it actually works !
fun for university students the only problem is they do n't order the tasks by date , do you have to be careful not to miss homework . now that i think about it , it 's actually a big problem for students using the app . it is fun , overall , and i do homework to keep my avatars alive . think tamagotchi
every other month , i think i 'll do better . i try again . i download this app . everything gets back in order , so i uninstall it to free up space in my storage . then i relapse . i download the app again . this is a never ending cycle of desperation , loss , and hope . i will always download this app . i will always uninstall it . 9/10 would recommend
this app is good and it 's useful . yes it 's true that it has a few bugs here and there but the app itself is good and i like it . i wish it had an offline mode because i ca n't stay on all the time but i can see why we need to be online at all times .
i love this format , only thing that would make it better is some form of active side scrolling gameplay element , build your character throughout the week and then try to beat a level sort of thing
a great idea , and the app itself has been improved a fair bit , but still a little bit too slow to respond to give five stars . seems a bit like server congestion maybe ?
pretty good app that helps me stay organized . could use a few improvements but overall i enjoy it
really nice app that is easy to use . would be cool to see a feature where you can build things , like building a village and materials for this are acquired through completing tasks/habits
could n't create my avatar at first , but after that it worked fine .
habitica is awesome ! only thing that it 's hard to feed your pets with the app .
love habitica . i find the app often has one bug or another from update to update , so ca n't really give 5 stars , but the devs do a smashing job regardless so 4 stars from me .
can this please get a feature where i can add tasks when offline and it uploads to the server whenever i connect to the internet . at the moment , it simply deletes everything .
its pretty good so far . my dailies just seem to never reset though . i got a streak of 2 and from then on it never moved forward
fabulous tool for task management by those organizationally challenged . for five stars it would need to include a calendar function .
the app is good and all . the only problem is that the reminder does not work .
i have been using habitica for quite some time now and i must say , it has been the most useful in helping me establish a structure to my day . however , the to-dos are very limited in its functions . it 's hard to implement a full task management ( such as gtd methodology ) . it pretty much only supports next action steps , not any layers such as projects or waiting for . also , syncing across devices can sometimes be problematic i hope they will improve the to-dos and make syncing smoother .
i 've been using this app since the beginning of december and it has really helped me with keeping on track with tasks and developing habits . however , there are a few issues with the party features . when a message is sent in the chat , no one is notified and we can not respond appropriately unless we actively check . the chat and members tab also tends to not load up and i have to leave the app in order for it to work again . navigating the app is also quite a hassle but it is n't a major issue .
the app 's a bit glitch-y , not gon na lie , but it helps tremendously in my day-to-day life . the community aspect of it is amazing , i actually feel motivated by all the kind words . good job , developers , my life 's a bit less bleak now ! c :
the app is a great concept helping me keep track of goals and be motivated to do the things i need to in a day . friendly competition and cooperation keep things interesting and encouraging . quests are wonderful long term motivation , along with the goal of filling the stable . it is discouraging , frustrating and hurtful when i try to check off dailies ( or do anything on the app ) and it does n't let me because of connection failures . i lost health overnight because it did n't let me check off my dailies ? especially frustrating during quests . myself and friends all have the `` connection problems '' in different locations on data , or wifi at the same time ... fixes are quick , and interactions/responses pleasant ! great app !
guys - i really want to like this app more and give it 5 stars ! everything is there and i can see the work and effort that has gone into making it so thank you so much ! but on android the habits screen is quite buggy and wo n't let me adjust the streaks . the keyboard comes up but closes immediately so i ca n't do anything . the dailies work fine . i look forward to any updates you 're planning but considering this is free , i think what you 've achieved is great !
a really great idea with a lot of great features ! i love it a lot . however , it 's a bit unresponsive at times . actions that previously worked will occasionally not go through for mystery reasons . and the widgets , while displaying correctly , have bad interactivity . thats said , the art is cute , the features are helpful and extensive , and the positive impact it has on my habits is amazing
i would have reported this as a bug within the app , but i found another bug when trying to do that . first one : when submitting a bug or feedback , it does not pass through the 'to ' address into the email , so i 'm not sure where to send it to . second one : when editing a habit , daily or to-do text field , the keyboard pops up and disappears . a workaround on this ( for my device ) is to rotate the phone landscape . using pixel 3. otherwise , a very good app !
great concept . reminders do not work and from some quick research it appears this has been an issue for literal years now . i was really hoping i could have the app remind me of tasks instead of setting a hundred alarms on my phone . i 'd prefer not to have both . i 'd really appreciate if reminders would actually work .
a little buggy sometimes but all is forgiven for how much this app helps me be a more productive and motivated person . i have one request , please add some sort of real life stat tracker . the idea would be to assign tasks , habits , or dailies to certain skill categories and you could track points , levels , or hours for certain skills . for example , this would be cool for me to keep track of my progress towards mastery as a woodworker or painter etc .
the idea is good , but the app can be made better with some performance optimisation . for example , when i launch the app , it takes at least 3 seconds to synchronize and restart my habit list with the correct status . and all pop-ups only appear with a 2sec delay . overall i like the idea , by i 'm moving onto other habit tracker apps because this kind of gamification is n't for me : ) appreciate the app .
pretty great app , motivates me to do stuff i normally would n't want to because of the prospect of leveling up . one small gripe i have is that if something with a reminder is marked complete before the reminder goes off , it still reminds you even though you 've already done it . also , sounds when you mark something , etc come out the ringtone channel , not the media channel .
love the idea ! but the execution is kind of clumsy . there 's little to no guidance with regard to how parties or challenges work , and the rewards seem to be random at best . the graphics are adorable and the app definitely has potential though ! but it would be more user friendly to streamline the app because it can be overwhelming with so many choices and options ( i.e . mounts , food , eggs , etc ) that seem mostly arbitrary .
this app has been so helpful for me to be more productive , as i didnt take care kf myself before ! i ca n't complain about anything , except sometimes when i first log in for the day , my dailies will be from yesterday and will take a minute to switch to today . i would love to see why so-and-so points are being deducted when you take damage from missed dailies ! like .... `` clean ( medium ) : -6 health '' or something like that . i do n't think i 'll ever delete this app , and i look forward to any updates !
i 'm just starting out with habitica and am liking it so far , but the to-dos would be much more useful if they could be organized by due date . i 've got like 25 things on that list , with due dates over the next two weeks or so , and it would be much easier to actually accomplish these things if i could easily see which were the most urgent instead of having to scroll up and down and compare dates in a mental tally .
i really love this app ! it makes me more motivated in doing my tasks . but , the only problem is , after a week while using this app the pop up message `` connection error '' began showing up on my screen . i 'm connected in our wifi and it 's fast enough . if it 's just because the app is `` under maintenance '' , i would appreciate if you will put a message regarding on that like `` under maintenance : go back for an hour '' . it 's working now ! ^v^
great app , stability is still a bit shakey but you never lose anything even if there is a crash . join this community if you are serious about getting your act together and having as much fun as you can while doing it . you get what you put into this and you do n't have to pay a penny if you do n't want to . but in my experience , when you meet the amazing people this place attracts , you 'll find yourself getting more and more involved and wanting to contribute however you can .
i love habitica , however i m think the app misses a lot of functionality when compared with website . for example the challenges in a guild is not displayed and the task detail in challenges are also not displayed . i mainly used the web version , but it would be great if there are not much differences between the website and this app !
very nice app for productivity . my favorite feature is that tasks and dailies that are finished can he hidden . however , it requires connection too much . would n't mind syncing from time to time but i 'd really hope there could be a way to tick off tasks even offline . also would love to see `` weeklies '' or something that does n't reset everyday for goals like `` go to gym 3x this week '' or `` walk dogs 5x this week '' . integration of calendar events would also be nice .
i only started using it yesterday , and so far it is interesting , and i think it will be useful . i 'd give it 4.5 stars , but that is n't an option , so 4 it is , for now . i 'd really like to see a better way to organize dailies , preferably alphabetically , so tasks i tag as morning will show up before night ( though admittedly , that would n't help if i labeled any 'afternoon ' or 'noon ' ) .
a fun way to get into habits . makes me want to do things in real life as i find it very rewarding . i think it would be helpful if there was a timestamp on the dailies/habits as to when you last checked the item off . i do n't have the best memory and feel like some days i double up on certain tasks because i ca n't remember if i 've checked it off or not alredy : grinning_face_with_sweat : i would like to see how long it has been since i last did a task , again , i often forget . other than that it 's fantastic !
cool app , but i wish i could see everything i own at once . when i get a new item , i have to search every inventory screen to figure out where is went . confusing for new players . also , if you do n't have a party , it 's basically a checklist since all the gane modes are forced multiplayer .
i wish i could control the reminders for my tasks more . like the volume or what noise it makes . other that that the app is great for keeping track of things that need to be done .
amazing application . gamifying basic tasks really motivates me to complete them . also naturally teaches about goal structuring . comparatively not as good as the browser based version . simple things like an in-app pop up for completing a quest have n't been transcribed over . looking forward to that optimization ! thanks for the great tool .
really enjoy the app , probably wouldnt recommend unless you have someone to do it with . also , please set up a system of 'weekly ' tasks , currently you can only set a daily that you complete once a week but it would be nice to have the flexibility of doing a task any day that week without being penalised .
i love this app alot . theres just two things i would really love to see added . it would be great if you allowed us to choose to have a habit set up for like 3 times out of the week , without picking which days of the week . i also really wish i could have more than 4 habits , is there a way to do that ? it 's a great app , thanks so much
can you please add the ability to hear a sample of the audio themes before you select them ? i tried another popular rpg checklist app and i didnt like it as much . this app for me has been life-changing , literally . its a great app for breaking bad habits , building up good habits or having a videogame style quest checklist that gives you instant gratification for completing real-world tasks . theres some occasional glitches but nothing major , they can be fixed by closing the app and restarting it .
i guess i love it as it kind of works ? i mean this is as good as an app can get for it 's purpose . it has the perfect amount of features and completely customizable . the biggest problem i have is at the beginning it 's very challenging to keep alive ( as you have no party/armour yet ) and also as far as i 'm aware i could only edit the order of the dailies , i wish they can be done to other sectors too .
clever stuff . great concept that is already working on me , especially like the widgets , they made it really functional . only 4 star as the walkthrough wasnt close toenough to get to grips with the game fully , i still dont actually know why my health resets or how to increase health dispite adding healthy eating and exercise . it seems like there is some mechanic somewhere to battle with your guy , but not explained anywhere , adding in some kind of quests or mini-game would be the icing on the cake
this has been really engaging in my tasks and goals and i am just at day two of using it . for the app , it would be cool if there was a notification for any chat threads users are on so if anybody had a follow-up question , i would be able to return to the inquiry and add more to the discussion if needed .
i used this all the time before , and it was fun in the beginning , but got really tired of the low res graphics ! if they were a bit more high def , it would be amazing ! we could finally see the equipment customization better - more motivating to continue using and complete tasks .
make it easier to understand when you 're activating quests . i did n't have anyone in my party by i was still somehow doing it and finished it by myself without realizing it . make a design change/renaming so that there 's something labeled `` start quest '' . still a fun and useful app . growth is neverending
i like it a lot . but it does n't have as much of the game aspect to it . i wish there was a feature where you character could actually play in an rpg game using the equipment and skills you earned . you could have a little rpg game on the side and has cute little morality stories . without it , it does n't really incentivize much .
since the may 1st update it made me create my character 15+ times before i uninstalled and reinstalled before having to do it again and spending close to 45 minutes deleting pre generated habits dailies and to dos to get to my original ones . terrible . i love the app otherwise . update : since the new update it is fixed .
health widget stopped working after latest android update . note 8. at & t . interesting take on habit forming . i 'm not really a gamer but i like the point system , leveling up , and buying accessories for your avatar with those points . nerdy fun that seems to actually be motivating me in a way other habit trackers have n't been able to . ( the ted talk on the inspiration for this app is really interesting too . )
just downloaded the app.loving the idea of adding my own habits & to do stuff which i used to tick off daily on notepad ( uff ) , now i am glad its automated with rewards too ! ! . ( yay ! ) have a suggestion to make all sections of list tabs movable up/down ( like the rewards section ) to organise as per customisable preference . ( - : )
it 's super helpful but why do all the multiplayer functions suck or not exist on mobile ? edit : i 'd really like to do the missions and stuff but i 'm not really in this for friends . i 'd like a way to find a group on mobile . maybe a random matchup option ?
this productivity app is amazing for anyone looking to gamify their life . i 've been using this for about half a year and it 's made a difference in motivating me to be productive . the app can act up sometimes however , with it syncing my activities properly , but other than that , this app is great !
just started using the app and it does n't scale with my phone 's zoom settings so the icons on the bottom are cut off . is there a way to fix this ? it does n't seem to have its own zoom options . more accessibility features would be great ( e.g . zoom , contrast , dexterity settings ) . also it 's great to see a wheelchair available for the avatar but it would be more inclusive and fun for more users if there were more types of default assistive devices ( canes , walkers , crutches , braces , glasses , etc ) .
the only issue i keep finding is that i get constant errors `` disconnected from servers '' even if i have full wifi or full 4g connection . it gets clunky with the network connectivity . however , it has changed my productivity radically in these dark days of my life .
easiest way for me to use habitica . simple but motivating . i 'm not sure if moving the plus button to the center was a good idea , it covers more of the text of the tasks there . though it is a easy to forget that you need to pull down on the tasks section to see any changes in inventory/tables .
perfect app ! .... but its missing an important tab ... its already got habits , dailies and to-do 's but it does n't have a bucket list/life goals tab , for me , it does n't feel right to put `` learn a new recipe '' in the to-do tab , i also want to put in my goals like `` focus on getting high grades '' or `` get a girlfriend '' , i ca n't put these in other tabs
is a very unique to-do list which keeps you complete all task . the only problem i found with this app , is that sometimes is very buggy . you can not use this app offline , and you can not sync your calendar with this . overall is very recommended . is like a game
i love everything about this app except for the fact that there is n't a calendar to put in to do 's that have to be done on specific days . if they added a calendar , this would be a million star app . i love everything else about it .
we are using this as a group in my family and it honestly is helping us a lot with staying motivated . i have a difficult time with my anxiety and depression , but this app has helped me to feel a sense of accomplishment . i am experiencing inspiration a little more often and i have been struggling for years with this . there are some aspects i 'm not entirely fond of that i hope will continue to be updated ; however i 'm grateful to the developers for making and keeping up with this !
the app version has so much more to improve . aside from being buggy , a lot of features are still missing compared tovthe web version . four stars because it helps me nonetheless . i wish the team best of luck and thank you for habitica ! : sparkles :
love it just wish i could have pixel icons for all tasks and rewards . either uploading my own or if you could design things like pixelated toothbrushes . cute icons and a fun as well as organized visual aspect will help me to be in the app more and getting it set up as it has been a slow project i 'm working on .
pretty good but it 'd be better of there was some kind of mini game option where your avatar does stuff like fighting or studying along with you . i dunno it 'd just be fun to have that extra interaction and to give meaning to the points system .
excellent app , great habit tracker . i 've found in this app an exciting way to be productive ! there are some bugs and functionalities that need to be fixed , however , it 's worth using it . i really recommend it .
awesome app , love the prize feature . i would give 5 stars if these two issues were solved : 1. app does not notify me about dailies even though i set a reminder for 7:45am ; 2. one of my hobbies that can be checked as both positive and negative stays green forever after checking once , does not refresh at night , is that how its supposed to be ?
it really is worth it to download this app . thank you for designing this wonderful app ! thnks so much
the game is pretty fun , but it 's really frustrating to pay 100 coins for an enchanted armoire chest and only get experience or food . it 's honestly beginning to ruin the game for me . if it does n't change in about a month i 'm rewriting this review to leave a lower score .
it was amazing ! i just did n't have the time to set it up all the way .
habitica is the best productivity app i 've used thus far . it lasted me for months . the quests are the most motivating feature , and i was able to take down a couple bosses solo . however , motivation dried up weeks into my first fetch quest because despite being extremely productive , i had no chance of finding even one shard . unless you 're comfortable teaming up with a bunch of strangers to take on quests , there becomes a point when being solo makes the quest motivation feature impossible .
сам сервис очень крутой , но пожалуйста сделайте более понятный интерфейс для « habits » , пусть они они становятся серыми или изчезают , когда человек отметил свой прогресс за день . я банально не помню , отмечала я свой прогресс сегодня или ещё нет , а показатель в виде цифры или зелёного/рыжего цвета мне ни о чем не говорит .
great concept ! has me waking up on schedule and doing my tasks so i dont loose life and earn exp ! just one thing . i cant do quests . i got the dust bunnies quest but i have no clue what to do with it . help ?
this app is awesome could use better graphics but overall the idea of it is legit af
great app ! i would like more progression content . resetting levels is easy implementation , but gets stale quickly . mages do too much damage . but this app had been transformative and amazing . i will consider contributing to development .
great app , would be nice to be able to check the checklist items in todos .
this is wonderful but i really need to be able to use it offline as well
i could n't change the language of this software , i tried it again and again , but the language did n't change .
great app and service ! the user base is amazing and the staff is awesome . no notification when a challenge ends and no way to automatically remove its associated tasks . ca n't read the full text of challenge tasks before joining . the health/experience widget does n't display any information .
i love this game . it has helped me do much it 's a bit of a learning curve . it would be nice if challenges were visible from the app in all of the guilds , and i would also like to see the last day and time that a habit was marked , because the colors do n't always change and if you have a lot of habits it gets confusing . otherwise , this app is brilliantly done and will be getting my monetary support in whatever way i can afford .
good
pretty cool , but it needs a diary that keeps full logs of your activities and performance . it 's pro reliable but it 's important to know sometimes the service goes down and does n't work . it 's pretty rare though .
lol i went to settings , change character value , and got myself 9m coins uwu btw is that cheating ... ? i mean well its right there
it worked fine for a while , but now every time i click on a task/habit/goal to edit , the app crashes . i can tick off the task and plus on the habit just fine , but i ca n't edit anything now ... please look into fixing it soon ? edit : thank you , the latest update fixed it all !
great for adhd
i 've tried quite a few rpg-like to-do list apps and i must say this one is the only one that i find genuinely enjoyable , and actually kinda feels like a game . you can tell a lot of effort was put into the aesthetic , everything is very easy to access and is pleasing to the eye . although i think there should be a way to uncheck to-do 's . i keep accidentally clicking on them in the widget and remaking them every time is starting to get annoying .
could be better if it was completely free .
so far so good , you have to be willing to set on the app for a bit to figure it out . it 's a rpg game based off of truth . the app does freeze fairly frequently but you just have to close it and reopen it and everything is back in order .
i like this app , and it 's really helped , but now i ca n't open it anymore . it crashes while loading , every time . i 've tried troubleshooting , restarting , deleting the cache , but nothing seems to work .
thank you . i love the app and it 's helping me immensely already . the only suggestion i can think of is , i wish there was a way of keeping track of my previously completed tasks so i could look back on the progress i 've made . it would feel much more meaningful that way and serve as additional motivation .
there are some things i feel need to be ironed out e.g . i found feeding the pets/mounts a bit buggy , but overall it has definitely helped me think more about my personal goals and how to approach them
it has been an effective motivator and tracker for me to accomplish the smaller tasks that get me closer towards my bigger goals . but there seems to be a bug - i ca n't seem to receive a friend 's party invite , though i am able to create my own party and invite friends to it . it 's a one way street in my app ! joining guilds and the self-care , self-sabotage info have been most educational and helpful .
the ios app is lot better than this . please improve it as soon as possible .
best app for daily routine but there are some issue such as you can get lot of coins and increase your level to infinit though settings . you should improve that because some one donot get motivated for doing task when you knew that you can change your level .
i like the app a lot , but some features are a little annoying . i have a few suggestions . - more ways to tweak what the widgets look like ( currently they take up a lot of space ) . - it would be nice to see the completed tasks together with active tasks instead of them disappearing . - task subcategories ! please ! : green_heart : - biggest gripe : because of the way the entire list item is like a button , i keep accidentally checking tasks that were n't actually done . +bugged unchecking . pls fix . thanks : green_heart : :green_heart : :green_heart :
i just want to say that the tutorial was too much info , things like this should be explained in a short and concise way , at a good pace . it was just too long and too much to take in . i did n't even try the app though , i ca n't say what rating it deserves . i am unnistalling but i may come back to it in the future , it 's not you , it 's me . ( also , you ca n't delete your account on mobile but you can on desktop . i suggest people to try the desktop version since it may have more features )
it 's been a good way to get things done , and the concept of an rpg is very well executed . the reason for 4 out of 5 is simply regarding the interface . my wife uses it on ios and it is light-years beyond what we have on android . much cleaner , more useful information , and less clunkiness .
this app is an awesome ( and fun ) to-do list ! i like it a lot and it helps me out with my life and tasks every day . however , the app crashes whenever i try to sort to-dos by scheduled and it 's getting a bit frustrating .
pretty good app that helps me stay organized . could use a few improvements but overall i enjoy it
habitica is awesome ! only thing that it 's hard to feed your pets with the app .
could n't create my avatar at first , but after that it worked fine .
love habitica . i find the app often has one bug or another from update to update , so ca n't really give 5 stars , but the devs do a smashing job regardless so 4 stars from me .
great idea and i 'm enjoying it so far . chores and errands are much more fun . my one gripe so far is that it seems like most items/quests cost gems , which are pay to play . i 'm afraid i 'll pretty quickly run out of free items/quests to strive for and then the app will lose its effectiveness . it 'd be helpful if their were other ways to unlock gems outside of paying for them , like reaching extra high levels of productivity/habit building , etc .
so far it 's pretty good . i 've been using it about a week . sometimes it does n't refresh , but the other users on the app seem positive and friendly . there is a lot that i am learning through users that is n't actually explained in the app . like if you do n't do all your daily tasks , the whole party takes damage . so yeah , no pressure ! it would be nice for a better help options or a more detailed in-app-fist-time training/learning session . every 'first ' should option for more info !
really nice app that is easy to use . would be cool to see a feature where you can build things , like building a village and materials for this are acquired through completing tasks/habits
the app 's a bit glitch-y , not gon na lie , but it helps tremendously in my day-to-day life . the community aspect of it is amazing , i actually feel motivated by all the kind words . good job , developers , my life 's a bit less bleak now ! c :
its pretty good so far . my dailies just seem to never reset though . i got a streak of 2 and from then on it never moved forward
this app is good and it 's useful . yes it 's true that it has a few bugs here and there but the app itself is good and i like it . i wish it had an offline mode because i ca n't stay on all the time but i can see why we need to be online at all times .
this app has really helped me get my stuff in order ! it also has an active community and good challenges ! it is a bit glitchy at times ( things do n't refresh , etc ) but overall it 's great ! edit : lol , the 'report a bug ' is glitched on my phone : p i had to manually send my info over , in the middle of fixing a glitch where my day wo n't reset - been broken for a week .
not very expressive frame for activity descriptions , must be in the first stages of development . guilds look incredible diverse , very surprising it is a social app . seems the leveling function is standard gaming and well embedded . hope open sourcing it make it better fit . passing habits to to-do would be desirable .
i 'm easily motivated by things like points and streaks , so this app works really well for me to increase my productivity and decrease my anxiety . i use rewards for breaks , and find that i get unpleasant but short tasks done much more often , because i can earn breaks quickly by just getting them over with . i also get my long , complicated , multi-part projects done early . i gave it four stars because there are a couple of features i 'd like to see , but it works great as is .
i 'm surprised , this app actually works for me ! it helped me procrastinate less , but i also realised it works only if i remind myself to check the app a lot . i recommend it for those who have really bad procrastination problems like myself . even if the game style of this app is n't your thing , it 's a great to-do-list app for habits , daily reminders and general to-do items . only complaint is it 's glitchy for me when i want to customise my avatar .
i 've been wanting a habit tracker that is fun and this definitely is . there are a few loading issues every so often , if those bugs were n't there i 'd give 5 stars . all around though enjoyable , easy to use , and a great way to keep track of good and bad habits .
i really like the concept of this app , the style , the features , and it has done its part in motivating my studies and organizing my life . however , the app needs some serious redesigning . the layout is difficult to navigate and the chat function is almost useless . the way challenges are organized could also use improvement . all in all , i like using it ( make an account a month ago ) , but the functionality needs to be improved
would love , love , love an offline mode as i do n't have internet access at all time but adore this app to keep me on top of my life and mental and physical health
can this please get a feature where i can add tasks when offline and it uploads to the server whenever i connect to the internet . at the moment , it simply deletes everything .
i love this format , only thing that would make it better is some form of active side scrolling gameplay element , build your character throughout the week and then try to beat a level sort of thing
this is a very helpful and fun way to get yourself in the habit of doing things . the daily tasks are a fantastic way to get your daily stuff handled and check them off within the app . you 've got the ability to create to-do lists with due dates and notification reminders can make it ridiculously simple to get even the most complex task completed . on top of all this , seeing your character earn experience , new items and getting pets and mounts turns all the monotony into a wickedly awesome rpg .
a great idea , and the app itself has been improved a fair bit , but still a little bit too slow to respond to give five stars . seems a bit like server congestion maybe ?
very cool app !
i 've been using this app for about a year now , i think . i love keeping myself accountable , and tracking what i 'm doing and what i 'm not each day . lately , i 've been getting push notifications for every single message that members of my party are sending in chat , none of which mention me . i 've switched off push notifications completely but they 're still coming through all the time . this is the only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars !
the app is good and all . the only problem is that the reminder does not work .
fun for university students the only problem is they do n't order the tasks by date , do you have to be careful not to miss homework . now that i think about it , it 's actually a big problem for students using the app . it is fun , overall , and i do homework to keep my avatars alive . think tamagotchi
so far i love it
amazing app . some glitchy moments , but overall nothing too annoying . this app is so cool that i 'm ok with some glitches because in a very short time its already brought so much value to my life ! brilliant idea to get you into good habits and out of bad ones . in my experience it actually works !
fabulous tool for task management by those organizationally challenged . for five stars it would need to include a calendar function .
have been looking for a way to incorporate the elements of gaming into making progress `` in real life '' . even tried inventing something for myself but paper tracking was a nightmare and having it in this app is just fantastic ! really like it and it has made a big difference ! the only reason i took it down a star is because it depletes my phone battery really fast if i am in the app for very long , such as when i am shopping or browsing challenges , so i do these things mostly on my pc . overall , great job ! would recommend this to anyone that enjoys gaming but is struggling with motivation in the real world .
i wish i could control the reminders for my tasks more . like the volume or what noise it makes . other that that the app is great for keeping track of things that need to be done .
every other month , i think i 'll do better . i try again . i download this app . everything gets back in order , so i uninstall it to free up space in my storage . then i relapse . i download the app again . this is a never ending cycle of desperation , loss , and hope . i will always download this app . i will always uninstall it . 9/10 would recommend
разработчик исправил ошибку , которая не давала начать и оказалось , что приложение довольно хорошее , но : режим испытания - бред . кто-то его использует по фану и исход решает рандом . кто-то пиарит свой ютуб канал.так же , нет приоритизации сложности целей.т.е кто -то поставит сложной целью написать диплом , а кто -то сходить в магазин.дорого , в игровой валюте , стоят квесты . за неделю так и не получил . хотя целей было много . удалил его , так как мне не подходит дизайн для офиса . но это уже особенность
i have been using habitica for quite some time now and i must say , it has been the most useful in helping me establish a structure to my day . however , the to-dos are very limited in its functions . it 's hard to implement a full task management ( such as gtd methodology ) . it pretty much only supports next action steps , not any layers such as projects or waiting for . also , syncing across devices can sometimes be problematic i hope they will improve the to-dos and make syncing smoother .
such a cool app ! i 'm in love with it ! sad that it does n't work properly offline though : ( also has bugs
quite good
it 's a great start to improving your life , but it 's more or less just a planner app !
amazing app but the extremely buggy ui have made the app irritating to use and sometime unusable without a restart .
i like it a lot . but it does n't have as much of the game aspect to it . i wish there was a feature where you character could actually play in an rpg game using the equipment and skills you earned . you could have a little rpg game on the side and has cute little morality stories . without it , it does n't really incentivize much .
it 's amazing , i just wish there was goals and categories for tasks
a great app for tracking goals and habits . it is also the most fun since you achieve virtual goals `` xp and gold '' to level up your character ! will give 5/5 if it had a dark theme !
quite confusing
nice but why does it need data tho ?
its ok little confusing at first i think some more of the features that are in the add a blah should be a bit more clear . also a report a bug option would be nice my entire phone is on silent cause im at work app still makes sounds .
this app can save your life . love how you can pin widgets to your home screen on android phones . only suggestion is to add a calendar .
great way to manage your tasks . only downside is you set the deadlines and can knowingly chance them at any time
incredible for keeping motivation up , but the mobile app is intermittently buggy in odd ways . definitely still highly recommend it , though !
great app !
the concept is absolutely amaizing : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : but the procedures are very complex ... : grinning_face_with_sweat : can you plaese make another app with same concept : thumbs_up : and with simple procedures ... : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : [ in simple words ... please make a simple app which has concept of gaming type rewards on completing important tasks ... : smiling_face_with_open_hands : ]
been using the app for half a year now , it ha helped me focus on my dailies and tasks and organize myself and replace my bad habits with good ones
perfect app ! .... but its missing an important tab ... its already got habits , dailies and to-do 's but it does n't have a bucket list/life goals tab , for me , it does n't feel right to put `` learn a new recipe '' in the to-do tab , i also want to put in my goals like `` focus on getting high grades '' or `` get a girlfriend '' , i ca n't put these in other tabs
buggy but awesome !
would be perfect if i could organize the to-do 's by date ! ! they 're random right now
very nwice hi , how can i sort my todos according to due date ? is there any way i can team up with local players ? also is any offline version coming up , just to check off tasks ? thanks .
i used this all the time before , and it was fun in the beginning , but got really tired of the low res graphics ! if they were a bit more high def , it would be amazing ! we could finally see the equipment customization better - more motivating to continue using and complete tasks .
i 'll give it a 5/5 once yall make it functional offline : face_with_tongue : ( like maybe allow us to edit/cross off tasks offline and let it automatically sync once connected to the internet )
good app with good widgets one star deducted as i ca n't work out how to view completed tasks , dailies and habits
i guess i love it as it kind of works ? i mean this is as good as an app can get for it 's purpose . it has the perfect amount of features and completely customizable . the biggest problem i have is at the beginning it 's very challenging to keep alive ( as you have no party/armour yet ) and also as far as i 'm aware i could only edit the order of the dailies , i wish they can be done to other sectors too .
great app . i just wish there was a way to keep track of time on a task/habbit ( built-in timer instead of having to open an external timer )
this app has been so helpful for me to be more productive , as i didnt take care kf myself before ! i ca n't complain about anything , except sometimes when i first log in for the day , my dailies will be from yesterday and will take a minute to switch to today . i would love to see why so-and-so points are being deducted when you take damage from missed dailies ! like .... `` clean ( medium ) : -6 health '' or something like that . i do n't think i 'll ever delete this app , and i look forward to any updates !
it is fun . every time i get an egg/food/potion though , i have to drag down the spinning wheel to let it reload : unamused_face :
the app version has so much more to improve . aside from being buggy , a lot of features are still missing compared tovthe web version . four stars because it helps me nonetheless . i wish the team best of luck and thank you for habitica ! : sparkles :
just started using and seems interesting , hope it 'll help me to improve my life ! one issue i have is that it does not give an option to sort to-do task by deadlines , which is better to see which tasks are urgent and not overlooked , hope there 's an update to add this function !
rlly good , just 4 for bugs .. but it 's really good ! !
i can not pin/unpin rewards after ui updated , plz fix it . i love this game : loudly_crying_face :
with the new update , when you tap tasks or the eggs and hatching potions you have to close and reopen the app in order to get it to load . but otherwise the update is really cool
app doesnt work without internet connection , everything else is great
amazing , almost perfect .
excellent app , great habit tracker . i 've found in this app an exciting way to be productive ! there are some bugs and functionalities that need to be fixed , however , it 's worth using it . i really recommend it .
i really like this app , it pleasing on the eyes it 's well-designed , has a lot of social features but remains simple so you can focus on your goals not running the app . i would suggest to add an ability for `` gold '' that is currency only valuable to you so that your personal rewards , aka do n't work against playing with your avatar and currency of that kind should be able to be exchanged within party . that way you and your friends can gift each other screen time or whatever .
started using habitica on january 1st of this year , as a new year 's resolution to manage my time and habits better , and it 's been a huge help . especially love the party aspect , and the way it adds social accountability to missing or hitting targets . very pleased , thank you for all the work that went into this app .
i love it ! one thing i had a problem with earlier was that if i did n't have internet connection , it was n't possible to log my dailies in . now i have unlimited data , so this is n't a problem for me anymore , but might be worth solving this for other players . everything else is just wonderful and a big help to life organization for scattered-mind people like myself : grinning_face_with_sweat :
i love this app so much ! they make it really fun for free players too , so you do n't feel left out if you do n't spend money . i have decided to get a subscription though since it 's such a great app . it has my whole family super motivated , my kids are actually loving doing chores ! and i also love all the social aspects to it as well . it would be cool of you could assign names for your pets , and the app does n't function quite the same as the website version , but overall i have no complaints . : )
this is such a fun way for chores to be rewarded . my household is full of gamers , and this is a great way to create and maintain habits , as well as track chores on a daily , weekly , or monthly basis . they are great about getting back to users . they have real conversations , and listen to user feedback .
i am unable to create a new daily . this is the main reason why i downloaded habitica . the error message says ' ' is not a valid enum value for path 'frequency ' . edit : the app works perfectly now . i 've been using it for over 6 months without a single issue . this is the best self improvement app ever created .
wow i really love this app ! ! ! such a great idea . i first downloaded it for my youngest daughter to try help her with responsibility & organization , we connect daily on the app to check each other 's progress . i generally enjoy this game , it is the only one have on my phone .
this app is really unique . it has made me interested again in being productive . it 's almost like adopting a lifestyle ! however , the app is currently having a problem with task reminders . it does n't work most of the time and when it does , the alert is usually delayed by approx . 10 minutes . also , it would be nice if the developers provided the ability to make task lists even when offline . other than that , the app is perfect ! definitely recommend experiencing it !
this is a superb way to motivate yourself to do things . to create new and healthy/fun habits and get rid of bad habits . do you want to live a life full of adventures ? be creative and install this amazing app . i would suggest a clearer and friendlier gui but overall its amazing .
ive used this app a couple times now , only uninstalling because school ended , but this app is amazing when it comes down to it . it encourages people to do the stuff that they need to without the complication of being told off by others . plus , it has a cool rpg theme thats great for anybody who has grown up with/rpg game like elements .
fantastic absolutely best of it 's kind . no ads , great system of to dos dailies and habits ( that you want to have and break ) plus the tavern/guild/challenge/quest/party system really keeps you motivated , as does the in art or out of world reward system . absolutely fantastic .
it 's a delightful app that helps you keep on top of things . personally , i 've found that you get as much as you put into it . there are communities and challenges you can join with like-minded people to help you achieve similar goals , and their are seasonal events as well . there are no adds , no constant pop ups to buy gems , and all features are equally helpful without the gems .
this app has helped me keep up so many habits and routines . at first i struggled with it a lot , but i soon joined a party . the quests are really helpful to keep me on track , and there are others in the groups to help out too .
as a gamer this makes life fun you can make a long of lists of your daily life and gain xp and rewards . you can hatch pets , feed them , ride mounts , find a party to run with , get cool gear , and go on quests . i can see where fun wise there could possibly in the future be expansions for more to come by all means , but right now this really helps to keep on track and makes it so i actually enjoy some part of my life for the first time in a long time outside of my pets .
great app for encouraging you to do things ! love that you can personalise your own tasks and play with friends . would love to see the ability to repeat tasks on weekdays/weekends , instead of just daily/weekly . and an undo button would be awesome ! sometimes i 'll mark something by accident and ca n't revert what hearts i lost , coins i earned , etc .
honestly it 's perfect but theres just . one thing . i really wish you could set a habit for 'complete x times a week ' , it would be so useful . i have yet to find an app that is this good , but that is the only shortcoming . please add this ! i mean of course you dont have to but it would be amazing .
this app has helped me a lot and is all in all one of the best apps i know . there 's just one suggestion : i have many habits and dailies hence i have to scroll a lot . it would be amazing if there was an option to change the layout so you can have a better overview .
how to see my completed tasks ? i am confused as i accidentally clicked on done and tasks stopped appearing on the list obviously . but it creates problem cuz you did n't do but it checked . so please add feature so we can see all our completed tasks upto a month . so we can see our records and edit any possible mistakes . thank you . other than this small part this app is best for me . i am requesting you if you can listen us please please add this feature . : folded_hands : :folded_hands : :folded_hands : completed tasks list upto a month
i love habitica ! i am particularly bad at getting things done and this app has helped me improve so much . it 's as it says , gamifying your tasks . i am on level 12 and i have only been doing it for a week ! if you need a pick me up with your chores and todo lists then check it out .
the app did n't work for me at first , but after uninstalling a few times it eventually worked , and i love it ! this is great for me as a college student because it makes keeping up with homework and assignments easier by adding an element of fun !
this been really working well with me . the community is great too . it 's very useful and the widget is great feature . though how about costumizing the app theme ? like using different color theme instead of the default purple . because it will look prettier for my widget : d
it 's a good app . it fuses the entertainment received in playing games with finishing chores , which is pretty hard to pull off . i 'll recommend it to anybody who 's trying a lot to change their life but easily succumbs to their desires .
there are options to give your avatar a wheelchair , and there are a lot of colors to choose from , as well as a skinnier body type or a larger one ... i do n't use a wheelchair , but i just loved this option so much because i have friends who do and it really means a lot to them ! so cute lol
ok , i love the app , it 's great , but the notifications just does n't work , they are broken , and it 's the main feature i 'm looking for , fix it in order to give you the five starts
been using habitica for a few months . tried a few other to-do list games , none of them beats habitica . best way to keep track of daily life and still have fun .
i absolutely love this app . first of all , it actually works and give me all the motivation i need to get stuff done . secondly the community is awesome and there is just so much stuff to do ! recommended to everyone looking to develop habits .
it is an amazingly helpful app i am currently a year 11 student and this has helped tremendously boost my productivity i have seen improvements not only in my results but also me as a person as i lost lots of my bad habits and gained good ones . highly recommend to anybody who wants to improve themselves ( non -- academic/academic )
a great app to keep you up and moving , especially being in quarantine : ) ( this review was made at the time of covid 19 )
can you give an option to set up timer for every task like 10 minutes or so , to make us more efficient ? you can do it by giving us a button to start the timer and the task automatically gets checked once the time is up . and if somebody wants to undo then points will be deducted . is it possible in any way ?
i love this app , i just wish it was n't so easy to change your stats and i wish we could delete the default daily tasks . maybe i can but i 'm a dumbass . idk
i 'm on the quest of improving myself , developing small good habits is pretty easy with this and using this app as a reminder for tasks is awesome .
great ! it 's a great game to motivate people to do big stuff who just keep sitting on the sofa and do n't want to move.thank you creaters of habitica . : face_savoring_food : :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
engaging and effective . it does n't seem to be possible to use a google play balance to pay for gems , though .
i 've only been on the app for a small time and i can already see the ways in which it can help . very inclusive and helpful
i really like so far . i makes my daily routine a bit fun and make it meant something in a way .
this is a great app . it 's helped me stay on task with everything i need to get done .
awesome app , very helpful for forming habbits.thank you for this wonderful app .
i like this app , it is an amazing tool , however i could n't find calendar and where i can track what i have done . could you help me find it ?
cute and entertaining , definitely helping me to stop bad habits !
has helped me to stay engaged with my to dos in a workable and fun way . love this app .
its actually improved how i do things , and caused me to be more active , i love this app !
i love this app it 's the best and keeping things healthy with yourself and i love it so much
this has really helped me be motivated to get things done . im really enjoying this app
this game/app is so easy to use and so much fun . thank u so much for making habitica !
if you 're a procrastinator this app will change your life ! i have a tendency to avoid the things i need to do by snacking or playing video games so this app has been perfect for me . i 'm great at making to-do lists but suck at execution . this app has helped me with so many areas of my life , chores around the house , my quality of work at my job , i 've even been using it to develop safer driving habits . the community is also very supportive , it 's really fun to play with a friend and party up .
the game aspect really does motivate me ! especially helpful for doing the dishes . there 's a big difference between `` i should do xyz '' and `` i have to do this or i 'll lose health points , and i do n't want my party to get attacked ! ''
i 'm really happy with this app - it helps me stay productive , both in school and with my writing goals and even tiny things like just getting out of bed in the morning . i 100 % recommend this to anyone who procrastinates as much as i do , because it 's really helping me get out the hole i dug myself into with my bad habits .
if possible please add more advanced equipments and more powerful bosses so that it does not get boring after sometime . there is no purpose to collect pets if they are only for cosmetic purpose . there should be some reward that we can identify ourselves with . for example , there can be a weekly ranking system ( say from 1-10000 ) for all the habiticans so they are more motivated .
amazing . not only is this app cute-to-boot , but it 's so easy to use ! it does n't largely focus on the character aspect , which i like because i 'm mostly here to organize my life . everything is covered : to-do lists , dailies , scheduling ; its so extremely customizable and in such a simple platform ( that i dont have to pay extra for ) not only that , there is the community aspect ! its about holding yourself accountable , and this app is perfect , thank you .
love the app ! easily modifiable for making good habits , daily routines , and checklists , and fun to do with friends . thank you for the your response below : the link allows you to review your history ( this has been very helpful for me in realizing where my weaknesses and strengths are ) . my last wish is to allow friends to see your tasks and completions ( for encouragement ) .
habitica is the best ! it 's so rewarding completing day-to-day tasks with this app . your avatar can earn gold , equipment , pets , experience by completing the tasks you choose . joining a questing party is fun because you 're with others , holding each other accountable and encouraging one another . participating in challenges is great because you work on specific aspects of your life , like positive thinking , exercising , reading , ect . habitica has helped improve my life , and i feel so much happier !
i 've been looking for a habit like tracker via google search , not really knowing the term or if an app really existed . once i found what i was looking for , habitica showed up . i installed it to my phone , looked up a youtube video of it , and began using it . now i 'm hooked and 12 days in getting my life straightened up . cleaning house , doing daily chores , and doing things i usually hate doing . habitica just makes it fun to do with it being an rpg . i love it and can not recommend it enough .
this app is awesome ! i love it not only i 'm creating healthy habits , i am also learning thru challenges , you get to talk to people and destroy bosses . is really awesome . plus i had some trouble connecting to the game and alys responded to me quickly and also they fixed it . shout out to alys . you guys are doing a good job .
this is a very creative app to keep me amused with my versa 2 fitbit and to keep me productive when doing tasks around the house . excellent job creating this app keep up the great work ! ! two thumbs up ... : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :smiling_face_with_sunglasses : :black_heart :
love it ... it has completely changed my life i could n't have become more adult-like without habitica ! ! ! : face_savoring_food : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :face_savoring_food : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
it looks awesome i hope it will help me build good habbits and keep track on my schedule . i wish it could be like a widget on android phone screen as well . and maybe we could write some quotes that motivates us we could see them as notification or something . i love the guild part looks like you can create communities and be part of them . i just download the app today and wanted to share my first impression . well done : )
this is a fantastic app with a fantastic community -- love this game : ) helped me start sleeping on time and drink water -- anything that you can imagine for yourself , it can help you do !
love this concept , love this app . i 've been following the development of habitica since it was still only online & i love it ! plus there 's plenty of active users to party up & chat with and the devs are always helpful & prompt ! ! my only gripes are that i wish i could change the colors of my tasks/habits ( nitpicky i know lol ) & maybe have a notepad area where i can keep habitica-related notes , like a key to the emojis etc i use for myself ... and maybe a proper/separate friends list : )
i love habitica ! it 's a habit tracker and to-do list that actually motivates me to get things done via the gamification and fun social aspect . the world of habitica feels like a supportive community of people holding each other accountable and helping each other accomplish their goals . doing my daily chores is so much more fun when i turn it into a quest for magical potions and eggs !
i refer to this app constantly . it feels super rewarding to do things and keeps me motivated to do the tedious stuff i used to procrastinate on . i love it ! !
( samsung note 8 ) surprisingly robust and easy to use . the game aspect is a nice bonus but the core productivity elements are what make this app awesome .
a great way to work on self-improvement with friends , hold eachother accountable , and have fun !
a fun way too self check your own habits , smashing support staff help and guide you , you can meet like minded people who are sharing connections and fun in this quaint yet challenging game app . if nothing else i 'm remembering my meds on time . enjoy finding your fun habits see you in habitica the adventure is there for the taking : winking_face :
an option for smaller text would be realllly nice and distinguished , it 's so big and bulky looking and only fits a couple habits per page . fun and actually works . it does n't have a history for or even track your habits tho ........ but still best app ever ! ! !
great app . helps me get things done and work on building better habits . even better when you have a party going with friends . would be nice if the app had a dark mode that 's my only suggestion . keep up the good work !
i 'm actually willing to pay for the app , just please get the server issue resolved . seriously , charge one dollar for the app , get a bigger dev team and resolve any bugs or server issues . the app is actually great aside from that constructive feedback .
i love habitica . i love the social aspect of it . if it did n't have the social media portion of it , i probably would have unistalled it as , soon as i installed it . the social portion of it gives me a , reason to check it , and reminds me to try and meet my goals .
loving it . would appreciate dark mode as well !
beautiful programme ! i can recommend it for all my friends !
review as of 1/4/2020 : this is a very great app . it is very useful and helpful , and the bug with some places not loading is fixed .
beyond the social part , here we have the best way to take a good habit . because at each `` bad habit '' you lose health . same if you do n't check a task ( daily or to do ) to say you did it . and you do not want to lose health . i do n't know what happens when it comes to 0 but i do not want to test it . actually i had another app for habits . it did n't works like habitica do !
this is an amazing app . i 've tried so many habit trackers and todo list type productivity apps . this is the only one that 's kept me engaged . and the community is so wonderful .
pretty good a little buggy with data for example i have more then 0 postive adds to eating 1 fuit and vegi also there should be a cap to tapping like a cap people can set or an option so that acidental tapping dossent happen other then this its a great app
why did you change the chat order ? : ( now the newest messages are at the bottom , it just feels so unnatural , it was fine before it did n't need a change
brilliant idea . you are making chores and tracking your habits and progress so much more fun !
this app helps motivate me to complete my personal goals . love it .
thanks for the quick work ! everything works now . i really do like this app and use it on the daily , so i 'm glad it 's working again
so glad i found this . hope it keeps working the way it does , i just installed it . just keeps getting better and better so far i absolutely love it : )
i 've always had such a hard time motivating myself to do things like chores . this app has made such a difference ! it really gives me a sense of accountability . highly recommend to anyone who just ca n't seem to get things done .
this is the best app ever . i am a very procrastinative person from a long time ago , so i decided to improve my life . i suffered so much because i did things i did n't needed to do in the wrong time . but habitica was there to help me rewarding me to use my time wisely :3 thank yooooooou : ddd
must download . the app is very much useful . it had helped me get on track when i was n't in a position of self reflection .
amazing ! props for the design and organization tools , i wouldnt change a single thing . i wish there were more creator like u guys that really care and pay attention to users needs : clapping_hands : :clapping_hands : :clapping_hands :
this is an amazing app . i used to struggle to get anything done before i stumbled upon this wonderful creation .
wonderful reminder app and brilliant community !
using the free version and already , i am hooked with how great it is .
great apps to organize and manage task and practice habbit .
why take down show more or less function on note after latest update version ( dec. 17 2019 ) ? it 's really useful .
it 's fun and easy to use .
simple and rewarding . the updates are amazing .
love this app : smiling_face : devs always fix issues quickly , too .
has motivated me , kept me productive , and is continuing to do so for probably more than a year now ! makes work more satsifying to complete and the party system is very helpful as well : )
i like this a lot ! i 'm getting my friends to use it with me : )
awesome app for gamers who need motivation to get real life tasks done lol
it 's been helpful and very cute .
love the app ... i would rate it 6/5 if calendar exist
love this . this is a fun way to build your self up
hebrew language does n't work ...
best habit app ever . join a party for accountability partners and better experience .
can not log in .
thank you developers for creating such a marvelous app , i found app history on the link you provided below , and it has all records of everything . this app has really changed my life , i hope to see more such apps from the developers . and there are no cons or bugs i have faced till now . may god bless the developers for improving the lives of people , i would rate 7 stars for such a extraordinary app . lots of love < 3
i like the idea . i 've been using this for about 4 months , i guess . until now , i have n't any complaints .
motiva a mejorar es brutal está aplicación
it does what is it says , love this app . would there be more features like history and analytics about habits and routines etc .
so far a little lonely , but really fun ! it really is like playing a game ! i almost have enough to buy a real sword !
good
good game like real game : OK_hand : :OK_hand : :OK_hand :
i love habitica ! i am particularly bad at getting things done and this app has helped me improve so much . it 's as it says , gamifying your tasks . i am on level 12 and i have only been doing it for a week ! if you need a pick me up with your chores and todo lists then check it out .
fantastic absolutely best of it 's kind . no ads , great system of to dos dailies and habits ( that you want to have and break ) plus the tavern/guild/challenge/quest/party system really keeps you motivated , as does the in art or out of world reward system . absolutely fantastic .
is there a black theme coming up ?
awesome
ive used this app a couple times now , only uninstalling because school ended , but this app is amazing when it comes down to it . it encourages people to do the stuff that they need to without the complication of being told off by others . plus , it has a cool rpg theme thats great for anybody who has grown up with/rpg game like elements .
love this
this really helped me hone my time management skills while at home and helped me to stick to a daily routine . wonderful . i love the video game aspect of it ! so interesting ! brings back childhood memories . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
i really like this app , it pleasing on the eyes it 's well-designed , has a lot of social features but remains simple so you can focus on your goals not running the app . i would suggest to add an ability for `` gold '' that is currency only valuable to you so that your personal rewards , aka do n't work against playing with your avatar and currency of that kind should be able to be exchanged within party . that way you and your friends can gift each other screen time or whatever .
this app helps motivate me to complete my personal goals . love it .
been using habitica for a few months . tried a few other to-do list games , none of them beats habitica . best way to keep track of daily life and still have fun .
great app !
i love it ! one thing i had a problem with earlier was that if i did n't have internet connection , it was n't possible to log my dailies in . now i have unlimited data , so this is n't a problem for me anymore , but might be worth solving this for other players . everything else is just wonderful and a big help to life organization for scattered-mind people like myself : grinning_face_with_sweat :
this is a great app . it 's helped me stay on task with everything i need to get done .
amazing even if you are not a nerd really helpful .
started using habitica on january 1st of this year , as a new year 's resolution to manage my time and habits better , and it 's been a huge help . especially love the party aspect , and the way it adds social accountability to missing or hitting targets . very pleased , thank you for all the work that went into this app .
this app has helped me keep up so many habits and routines . at first i struggled with it a lot , but i soon joined a party . the quests are really helpful to keep me on track , and there are others in the groups to help out too .
i love this app so much ! they make it really fun for free players too , so you do n't feel left out if you do n't spend money . i have decided to get a subscription though since it 's such a great app . it has my whole family super motivated , my kids are actually loving doing chores ! and i also love all the social aspects to it as well . it would be cool of you could assign names for your pets , and the app does n't function quite the same as the website version , but overall i have no complaints . : )
helpful
awesome app , very helpful for forming habbits.thank you for this wonderful app .
i like this app , it is an amazing tool , however i could n't find calendar and where i can track what i have done . could you help me find it ?
not gon na lie , i found this app from a tik tok video . i downloaded it to laugh at it , but it turned out to be an amazing app .
thank you developers for creating such a marvelous app , i found app history on the link you provided below , and it has all records of everything . this app has really changed my life , i hope to see more such apps from the developers . and there are no cons or bugs i have faced till now . may god bless the developers for improving the lives of people , i would rate 7 stars for such a extraordinary app . lots of love < 3
cute and entertaining , definitely helping me to stop bad habits !
wonderful !
great concept
great ! it 's a great game to motivate people to do big stuff who just keep sitting on the sofa and do n't want to move.thank you creaters of habitica . : face_savoring_food : :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
how to see my completed tasks ? i am confused as i accidentally clicked on done and tasks stopped appearing on the list obviously . but it creates problem cuz you did n't do but it checked . so please add feature so we can see all our completed tasks upto a month . so we can see our records and edit any possible mistakes . thank you . other than this small part this app is best for me . i am requesting you if you can listen us please please add this feature . : folded_hands : :folded_hands : :folded_hands : completed tasks list upto a month
a great app to keep you up and moving , especially being in quarantine : ) ( this review was made at the time of covid 19 )
ok , i love the app , it 's great , but the notifications just does n't work , they are broken , and it 's the main feature i 'm looking for , fix it in order to give you the five starts
great for geting your life together
very helpful
great
wow i really love this app ! ! ! such a great idea . i first downloaded it for my youngest daughter to try help her with responsibility & organization , we connect daily on the app to check each other 's progress . i generally enjoy this game , it is the only one have on my phone .
very fun , good game , helpful and inspiring
its actually improved how i do things , and caused me to be more active , i love this app !
i love this app , i just wish it was n't so easy to change your stats and i wish we could delete the default daily tasks . maybe i can but i 'm a dumbass . idk
i love this app it 's the best and keeping things healthy with yourself and i love it so much
this is a superb way to motivate yourself to do things . to create new and healthy/fun habits and get rid of bad habits . do you want to live a life full of adventures ? be creative and install this amazing app . i would suggest a clearer and friendlier gui but overall its amazing .
this is such a fun way for chores to be rewarded . my household is full of gamers , and this is a great way to create and maintain habits , as well as track chores on a daily , weekly , or monthly basis . they are great about getting back to users . they have real conversations , and listen to user feedback .
it 's been helpful and very cute .
i really like so far . i makes my daily routine a bit fun and make it meant something in a way .
these developers have done an amazing job with this app ! no annoying popups , no ads , no bugs , overall a flawless experience for me . it 's been four years since i 've used it so i 'm excited to get back into it !
great app for encouraging you to do things ! love that you can personalise your own tasks and play with friends . would love to see the ability to repeat tasks on weekdays/weekends , instead of just daily/weekly . and an undo button would be awesome ! sometimes i 'll mark something by accident and ca n't revert what hearts i lost , coins i earned , etc .
this should be the highest rated app its simply amazing and doing chores is much more fun !
this game/app is so easy to use and so much fun . thank u so much for making habitica !
excellent way to gamify life to help motivate .
good
sem palavras , bom demais : )
this has really helped me be motivated to get things done . im really enjoying this app
has helped me to stay engaged with my to dos in a workable and fun way . love this app .
it 's a delightful app that helps you keep on top of things . personally , i 've found that you get as much as you put into it . there are communities and challenges you can join with like-minded people to help you achieve similar goals , and their are seasonal events as well . there are no adds , no constant pop ups to buy gems , and all features are equally helpful without the gems .
loving it . would appreciate dark mode as well !
i 've always been wanting one of these ! !
there are options to give your avatar a wheelchair , and there are a lot of colors to choose from , as well as a skinnier body type or a larger one ... i do n't use a wheelchair , but i just loved this option so much because i have friends who do and it really means a lot to them ! so cute lol
engaging and effective . it does n't seem to be possible to use a google play balance to pay for gems , though .
wonderful reminder app and brilliant community !
very good : four_leaf_clover :
this app has helped me a lot and is all in all one of the best apps i know . there 's just one suggestion : i have many habits and dailies hence i have to scroll a lot . it would be amazing if there was an option to change the layout so you can have a better overview .
it 's a good app . it fuses the entertainment received in playing games with finishing chores , which is pretty hard to pull off . i 'll recommend it to anybody who 's trying a lot to change their life but easily succumbs to their desires .
beautiful programme ! i can recommend it for all my friends !
i 've only been on the app for a small time and i can already see the ways in which it can help . very inclusive and helpful
love the idea of life as a videogame !
a great way to work on self-improvement with friends , hold eachother accountable , and have fun !
i 'm on the quest of improving myself , developing small good habits is pretty easy with this and using this app as a reminder for tasks is awesome .
hebrew language does n't work ...
gooood
what a genius game
would love love love love an offline mode . i spend 3 days a week without internet and have trouble keeping on top of my life without structure like apps like these . this would be the one for me if it could also go offline : (
this app is really unique . it has made me interested again in being productive . it 's almost like adopting a lifestyle ! however , the app is currently having a problem with task reminders . it does n't work most of the time and when it does , the alert is usually delayed by approx . 10 minutes . also , it would be nice if the developers provided the ability to make task lists even when offline . other than that , the app is perfect ! definitely recommend experiencing it !
loved it
it 's fun and easy to use .
as a gamer this makes life fun you can make a long of lists of your daily life and gain xp and rewards . you can hatch pets , feed them , ride mounts , find a party to run with , get cool gear , and go on quests . i can see where fun wise there could possibly in the future be expansions for more to come by all means , but right now this really helps to keep on track and makes it so i actually enjoy some part of my life for the first time in a long time outside of my pets .
honestly it 's perfect but theres just . one thing . i really wish you could set a habit for 'complete x times a week ' , it would be so useful . i have yet to find an app that is this good , but that is the only shortcoming . please add this ! i mean of course you dont have to but it would be amazing .
really interesting apps !
can you give an option to set up timer for every task like 10 minutes or so , to make us more efficient ? you can do it by giving us a button to start the timer and the task automatically gets checked once the time is up . and if somebody wants to undo then points will be deducted . is it possible in any way ?
this been really working well with me . the community is great too . it 's very useful and the widget is great feature . though how about costumizing the app theme ? like using different color theme instead of the default purple . because it will look prettier for my widget : d
ok
it 's a cool app . i have enjoyed using it .
can not log in .
i am unable to create a new daily . this is the main reason why i downloaded habitica . the error message says ' ' is not a valid enum value for path 'frequency ' . edit : the app works perfectly now . i 've been using it for over 6 months without a single issue . this is the best self improvement app ever created .
love this . this is a fun way to build your self up
i love this app ! ! !
this is a fantastic app with a fantastic community -- love this game : ) helped me start sleeping on time and drink water -- anything that you can imagine for yourself , it can help you do !
love it !
it is an amazingly helpful app i am currently a year 11 student and this has helped tremendously boost my productivity i have seen improvements not only in my results but also me as a person as i lost lots of my bad habits and gained good ones . highly recommend to anybody who wants to improve themselves ( non -- academic/academic )
to be honest , i love this app , really useful and tackles productivity in a fun way , but since im traveling so much i cant have a consistent internet connection so i cant use it sadly , offline use would be so appreciated , even with less stuff to use , sadly i know that wont happen soon
the app did n't work for me at first , but after uninstalling a few times it eventually worked , and i love it ! this is great for me as a college student because it makes keeping up with homework and assignments easier by adding an element of fun !
love it ... it has completely changed my life i could n't have become more adult-like without habitica ! ! ! : face_savoring_food : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :face_savoring_food : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
if you 're a procrastinator this app will change your life ! i have a tendency to avoid the things i need to do by snacking or playing video games so this app has been perfect for me . i 'm great at making to-do lists but suck at execution . this app has helped me with so many areas of my life , chores around the house , my quality of work at my job , i 've even been using it to develop safer driving habits . the community is also very supportive , it 's really fun to play with a friend and party up .
i absolutely love this app . first of all , it actually works and give me all the motivation i need to get stuff done . secondly the community is awesome and there is just so much stuff to do ! recommended to everyone looking to develop habits .
this is a very creative app to keep me amused with my versa 2 fitbit and to keep me productive when doing tasks around the house . excellent job creating this app keep up the great work ! ! two thumbs up ... : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :smiling_face_with_sunglasses : :black_heart :
i 'm really happy with this app - it helps me stay productive , both in school and with my writing goals and even tiny things like just getting out of bed in the morning . i 100 % recommend this to anyone who procrastinates as much as i do , because it 's really helping me get out the hole i dug myself into with my bad habits .
the game aspect really does motivate me ! especially helpful for doing the dishes . there 's a big difference between `` i should do xyz '' and `` i have to do this or i 'll lose health points , and i do n't want my party to get attacked ! ''
i refer to this app constantly . it feels super rewarding to do things and keeps me motivated to do the tedious stuff i used to procrastinate on . i love it ! !
i have purchased pro version . i plant a tree for an hour and come after an hour to see the forest destroyed . it has happened more than 3 times . i even left the phone on the app itself . kindly fix this . when you do n't get to see the reward after 3 hours of productive time it really gets irritating and makes me think why did i even purchase this app . kindly help .
i am on a sony xperia xz premium android 8.0.0 and the app when i move out of the app and use others does not wither the try thus spoiling the point . yes all my notifications and permissions are on . please help so i can actually have incentive growing the forest . there is no crisis notification when i move out of it or onto other apps .
1 ) tips on how to study efficiently and effectively . 2 ) before planting a tree , add a button wherein you should finalize the tag that is set . 3 ) if the tag is changed during the planting process , it should reflect separately the time spent by the previous tag as well as that of the new tag so that the overall distribution is at its peak accuracy . will put 5 stars afterwards .
synchronization does not work since last update with chrome extension . i think in year 2020 when there are services such as firebase this should be normal , however , it is not .
i ca n't upgrade to pro version . anytime i hit the unlock button , the app will say `` some error happened ( 6 ) . please try again later . ''
cool concept , but sync does n't work , and the desktop add-on is half baked . i wish the developer would be responsive to my emails as well .
this is a really smart way to keep you off your phone and motivated to work . and i would love to use this app all day everyday but it needs a pause button desperately . life is full of things that pop up out the blue and in its current state you loose all progress or get rewarded for doing nothing . please , please , please add an optional pause button . there are already a bunch of optional thing to tweak it please add this . i would go pro in a heart beat and it would become my top app .
a really great app , helps me focus significantly . but i keep running into an error message when i try to upgrade to the pro version , which makes it very frustrating . i have spoken to the google play store and emailed your support team about this , to no response . please help , i would like to support a great app such as this .
i can easily exit the app by clicking the home button and go anywhere i want to . the purpose of the app is to stop us from navigating other apps which i do n't see getting fulfilled . i can even go to tabs that i opened and did n't exit without my tree being killed . at first , i did n't know that it was that easy to fool the app , but after tad a bit of time , i realized that it was pretty easy to open youtube while my tree was growing and still ensure that my forest is lush and green . it 's lame .
it 's useful . i was n't sure how good it 'd be at keeping me focused , but it really does help -- and it shows me how much i use my phone . also , the gardens are quite pretty . i would like more realistic varieties of plants and for it to not be so expensive to plant real trees , though . seems fitting to be able to plant trees in real life with every tree you plant . i 'd be much more willing to recommend this app to people if i could plant a real tree with every full tree i plant in the app .
the old version was good and interesting but in the latest version it needs money for unlocking each and everything
this is really annoying , i got premium but for some reason it does n't record how much screentime i 've been using ? ? and i have to constantly go to accessibility to turn the app on , i do n't know why it turns off a few minutes i turn it on . it 's been proven because i use an app called screentime and it records i have used 5 hours , but forest does n't ? please fix this ! !
initially i used to love this app bt lately , when i press plant option , the countdown never starts .. n even when sometimes the countdown starts , m able to access other apps even after giving each n every access to the settings required for this app . this ultimately makes me spend more time using cellphone . pl check . mobile : micromax canvas infinity . i updated app bt then still it 's not working !
help forest team ! ! ! please note . a genuinely helpful app if followed with honesty . : slightly_smiling_face : i 've been using it for around a month & have definitely improved with focusing.but not a 5-star rating ? this evening the app crashed & then did not open at all . i even tried rebooting the phone , trying to clear cache ( there was none ) , etc.and thus with no other option , in order to continue using the app , i had reinstall it . edit : update-it keeps crashing . i have to uninstall & reinstall it almost everyday . : worried_face :
when i first downloaded the app it worked seamlessly , but once i upgraded to the pro version it began to lag and slow down . i ca n't access my timeline , store or achievements anymore and it 's slow run time is making the app so tedious to use . it 's becoming an awful app for me
i can still use all my apps when i 'm using this app . it just gives me a notification to go back to the app , before if i opened instagram for example it would redirect me to the forest app but it does n't do that anymore , therefore the app is useless in my opinion
i hate to say but ur app sucks . it automatically stops and deletes a tree or seed score . it hangs and even crashes so many times . i ca n't even contact you for support . i spend 600 s from 1146 s left with 546 which got automatically deducted to 200. i mean how on earth this is happening .
i had paid once for this app and had login to it . now i have another mobile and want to use my acount on this device , but this app asket to pay first before login . should i pay each time i change my device ?
i love this app , but why does the timer not seem to support landscape mode ? give stars otherwise : flexed_biceps :
no matter what settings i choose i get no sound when timer is up . app would be great if i could hear when timer is up . it makes sound when going through menu . sent an email over a week ago . all these months later and still same issues .
never seen a worse app than this one . seriously ? i am just wondering how it got 4.6 rating on average . you plant 5 grass blades in the name of trees . one ca n't connect to friends and has to wait for hours like , seriously ? wish i could lessen this one star to a 0.01. oh really ? then why you rob people telling them about features in pro version if it is only supposed to stop us from using phone .
keeps turning off even when set to the proper settings . i made sure it was not an issue with my phone . i set the settings of the app to their adequate setting and yet the app still does not work when my phone if off .
despite having given all the access required , it just does n't work . wanted to use the app but just could n't because the tree does n't die and it does n't stop me from using other apps . so the purpose is defeated . uninstalling sadly .
okay , the app is good i even got the bro version . but its missing a serious things . like for an instance there is no way to change the break time or even knowing the long break times . i cant delete a pomodoro that i made unless i did a data clear which is unfair for all the other pomodoro i did . pls fix this
it would be better to add a comment on what exactly the time spent for every time we turn the timer on . now it crash and never open in my new samsung galaxy s10 lite . uninstalling it ......
i purchased the pro version in my motorola g5 plus , than uninstalled it , now i ca n't even get that purchase back ! i understand it happening between two different devices , but i 'm still using same device . please help with it
the app kept crashing when i tried to open it , so i had to uninstall and reinstall the app ... please look into it , for otherwise it 's an awesome app .
one of the central features that you cite in your description is a premium only feature . misleading . waste of time . uninstalled .
this program makes my garmin connect provide a notification and buzz every 2 seconds to let me know that my tree is still growing . can find no guidance on how to disable this .
good concept , but whenever i open the shop it says error code 668. i tryed redownloading and it did n't work .
tree withers and dies when using team mode . all is fine in single mode . refund premium please .
updated to android 10 , makes this app could allow me to go to other app . pls fix this bug
after a recent update it puts my phone on do not disturb and i have to manually turn it off after using forest .
the app is not opening and displays message `` unfortunately , forest has stopped working . ''
this app keep on crashing in my device . fedup of this app .
i bought pro version and paid twice . still have n't been delivered the pro features .
the tree store does not work .... please fix other than that great app does what it intends to do .
this sucks i thought u could plant trees by just playing it and spending you 're time on it but nohh you need to pay for it i 'm not saying for you to change it but it just sucks
it 's not working again what 's wrong with this app nothing : enraged_face : is fixed no bugs fixed
i uninstalled the app and installed it again and now the app works , but ive lost all my progress and my forest ... this is so dumb this app forces me to uninstall and then i dont even get my progress back
ca n't turn on the whitelist unless i unlock the pro version , i dont wan na waste money for that . uninstalled : face_with_steam_from_nose : :face_with_steam_from_nose : :face_with_steam_from_nose : :persevering_face : :sleepy_face :
tree keeps failing for no reason . please fix
kicks me out everytime i use it . now i regret installing the new version . i also do n't want to uninstall as i do n't think i have backup . help ?
it works well when i install but not able to double coins
since the last update , always unfortunally has stoped
it hangs , then it killed 2 trees without setting alarm .
forest app is working.what to do . i allow all step what you asked . yet my app is not working.my phone is realme . please send me step by step process to activate app on my phone . please . and i ' m trying to problem with screenshot to skeertech.but did n't get reply . so , please help me .
the app is running while i type this review , meaning i am able to just leave the app and do something else without my tree dying . just spent 45 minutes trying to set up the app , which is ridiculous . i tried to follow the instructions , but they were really outdated and the settings do n't operate like that anymore . it does n't work at all .
this app requires a ridiculous amount of permissions , including location , camera , and data cookies ? ? when i heard about this app , i got excited . really thought it was going to be nothing more than say an animated timer that only works when you stay within the app ( like youtube pauses when you switch apps ) . this is just downright data mining and invasive . edit : funny that i mentioned this and now it does n't say the same thing .
your app does n't work properly . i can do whatever i want while my trees grow and they wo n't die . when i re-enter the app there 's just a message that say `` if you use other app you have to kill your tree first '' . for now is totally useless . i have also bought the app and since i 've done that i ca n't even double the money i earn . please fix these problems : (
one of the best apps i ever liked . but i ca n't control my anger right now . if there is a limitation of 5 real trees then why did n't you mention it on purchase page ? ? ? ? ? why nowhere you have mentioned that we can plant only 5 trees maximum . if you are going to plant only 5 trees with the money we paid , cant we use the same money to plant 5 in my neighbourhood ? worst app ever now . false marketing by hiding about 5 tree limit update : i understand . but mention about the 5 tree limit on purchase page
does n't work at all like it should . spent ages trying to set it up correctly but it just keeps letting me exit out of the app with no repercussions whatsoever . pretty lame , since i just wasted a lot of time following faq 's with 0 results . well earned this 1 star as long as this is n't fixed .
this is such a fantastic app . but the time taken to solve out problem that i 'm facing for last 10-15 days is leaving the counter-effect . instead of being focused , i 'm more distracted because i am unable to plant any tree and it crashes my phone every now and then . reported so many times and uploaded every data they asked for but in vain . 1 star is for that ! ! ! ! i purchased premium and now i 've to go through all this .
i can not log in to my old account since i have to buy the pro version in order to log in at first . so my past progress is lost . also , i can not purchase the pro version neither : 'error ( 6 ) ' i have reinstalled , forced stop , cleared cache , etc multiple times . i have added a paying method to my google play account as well . nothing has helped and i have n't received an answer to my email to you yet . this makes me sad because i like the app to much to deinstall it .
does n't work typing this as i have a tree growing with 8 minutes left and it 's still counting down .. edit : after updating to all the latest versions does n't work . just to let you know that this issue is intermittent and not all the time , but most of the time . edit : i have emailed that email address for support but the email was not delivered : man_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone :
the app no longer works . i gave it 5 stars before and used it religiously every day , while supporting the devs as often as possible . now when i try to start a new session nothing happens . there 's a countdown in the notification bar but the app itself does n't work . the big timer in the app is frozen and i 'm able to use my phone freely . a week ago or so i could n't complete any session since the timer and the session itself would just reset at some point , without me knowing . highly disappointed
i have been using this app for nearly a year . however , lately it has been crashing so frequently that i reinstalled it few times in two days . it keep crashing again and again . it also sometimes does n't count the time and resets itself . i am very disappointed that i will stop using it unfortunately if it does n't get fixed .
thanks for answering , but nothing has changed . i have tried everything but it just wo n't help me like it used to .
thee planting reminders are n't working for me for some reason . i have them set and on , but i do n't get notifications . also , my trees do n't wither when i go into an app that 's not on my whitelist . they have an advanced detection mode , but sorry , i do n't want forest to be able to collect data on what i 'm typing ( it includes everything but passwords , even credit card numbers )
ever since the recent updates .. the app clash and wont work as the plant button were pressed .. unless the wifi/ mobile data were on .. it works fine . i would give 0 zero star if i could .. running an app in internet connection can be interrupting especially for students . please fix this issue as i 'm wishing to depend on the app with no internet connection ( as how it used to in last version )
do n't go for premium , then you have to make sure the data sync is upto date everytime before you start the app and it is not possible unless you have good speed wifi wherever you go .
the app started crashing recently whenever i try to use it , i press a button and it freezes completely and stops responding , i tried uninstalling and re-installing , at first it went okay ( for 2 days ) the the same thing happened again ! it frustrated me , i 'm not sure if i 'm the only user facing this problem but i sure hope it gets fixed : pensive_face : :confused_face :
excellent idea but does n't really work as intended . all i do is use the app when i know i definitely wo n't need my phone and obviously this is n't what it was designed for . i 'm not using my phone less at all . really the tree 's should be continuously planted and then when you use your phone the current tree growing dies as this will put people off using there phone if they see that there is only several minutes left for the current tree to finish growing .
why is the timer not working anymore ? ? ? worse , after the update nothing appears but a black screen . i 've been using this for a few months already and this suddenly happens . sad that i 'm even on a pro account and i ca n't make the most out of it . so disappointing . : (
i really love this app and recommend it to anyone but since i went premium nothing works . i ca n't go to the shop section or see my achievements . i hope they 'll fix those issues with an update soon . only 1 star because of the issues otherwise would have been 5 stars .
i was really excited about the whole idea of this app , but theres this huge down side that i cant accept . i hate how the whitelist option to use your apps without killing your trees is only if you pay money . which is ridiculously frustrating because i have 5 specific apps i need as an artist and use on a daily basis . i was looking forward to planting my forest while working on my pictures . but no ! disappointing ! that one specific feature should absolutely be on the standard app option .
its always lagging and hanging up and not moving and ive cleaned my phone storage and its still the same . un installed/installed it 3-4 times already but its still the same . i dont know what it is about the app but one more crash i 'll never go back to using this app and tell.my friends to do the same . sheesh
i am trying forest out to curb my `` addiction '' .. but yesterday i noticed i left the app and my tree did n't die . kind of defeats the purpose , no ? i think it 's a really cute concept .. but that should be fixed . i even paid for the pro version ...
after some time i deleted this app because of the lack of storage and now i downloaded 3 times but i starteded growing plant this is obvious but i can use my phone and the tree dose n't spoiled and it dosent give me remainder and this app is full updated repair this problem it do n't giv remainder to me , repair it soon as possible ! ! !
after the latest update the application crashes every time i hit the 'plant ' button . i have noticed this problem is solved if the internet connection is kept turned on . this was excellent app please fix this horrendous bug as soon as possible and i will surely increase my stars .
the app crashes every now and then , no point of using the app when the timer freezes and the app stops responding . it is happening from the past 2 weeks . kindly do something about it because a lot of people seem to be facing the same problem .
many times i 've used the app for over 65 minutes and every time it 'd just freeze and shut down when only 1 second is left . does n't plant the tree and does n't give me the coins . i 'm disappointed + upset that i still ca n't save up for the treehouse that i want .
this app has been broken by the last update . most of the times , whenever i try to plant a new timer , the app just hangs and i have to close it somehow . also , the timer in the notification panel hardly updates accordingly . please fix this !
the app is good but it is crashing a lot . it is instructing to upgrade but i did not find any option for upgrade . i am also a pro version user . i have to uninstall the app and later re-install it again to make it work for only 120mins .
best among productivity .... i am going to buy full version soon ..... but it worked for 2 days and then it crashes on opening . sent two mail to your team regarding this but have n't received any update i have tried everything whether on internet or on your twitter response . i am planning to purchase this app , but it 's not doing well i reinstalled almost 3 times but same worked for 1 day and again same problem . model no : cph1859 phone : oppo realme 1
i used to love this app . i 've been using it for about two years . but recently , it 's started to crash every time i click on the timer . i tried an alternative ( that i did n't like ) and came back after a couple of months but still no improvement .
the app has been really good these past few months but suddenly everytime i start the timer the app stops responding . i do n't want to uninstall the app in fear of losing everything i 've done on the app but the app has n't been co-operating and i might just be forced to use another app .
why ca n't i buy stuff from the store and see the adds . this is very annoying . it is a good app but im not able to access so many features of this app it shows some error so just fix this .
so i forced myself to sit thu the first exercise and i want my 25 minutes back , please ? is this a joke ? the devs must be sadomasochistic to develop an app that flashes conflicting phrases such as `` stay focused '' & `` you can do it ! '' with `` do n't look at me ! `` , `` stop phubbing '' ( l had to look that one up ) & `` put down the phone ! `` , not that i was using a phone in the first place . quite extraordinary !
it worked for me properly only 2 to 3 days now it does n't track my focused time most of the time i am using samsung 's m30s phone and i use it offline i do n't have internet access all the time . please fix my issue otherwise it is totally waste of money .
definitely not worth downloading . the app keeps crashing . does not record the time focused properly and hinders with functioning of the other apps . no point in buying the premium version either , a total waste of money . latest update is just not upto the mark . customizing anything usually results in the app crashing .
few years later i love this app because it is best for focus and i give 5star rating but now after update it stop working i ca n't plant ( facing many problem to place a plant ) i updated new version but the bug is still there and their is no option for backup my progress offline or in sd card storage
i loved this app until i paid for the premium version . now it wo n't let me purchase any new trees and i do n't have the option to earn double points . this was so much better when it was free . please fix the issues !
however i found it a helpful app helping me to stay focused on my projects , i am disappointed ! ! ! how could you just double or even triple the price of the trees through an update ? : thumbs_down : :thumbs_down : :thumbs_down : that was n't not fair ! ! ! !
the is no default free tree . there are trees for tokens but you gain tokens by succesfully growing trees but you can only have an initial growable tree by buying one .
it does n't let me use it , it keeps saying forest has stopped
the app still does n't work well . i can still go back and use other apps ... when i press the homescreen button , last time it did n't work and i could n't use other social medias . now , the tree grows while i use the app ...
it was the best app i 've ever used until the last update . i ca n't plant the tree even though i click `` plant '' it starts at first but then stops counting time . i 'm so sad ...
there is something wrong with the app . when the time was up , the application would crash and no tree would be planted . it used to work before . it 's too bad the app isny working well now .
i was aiming for a 30 day streak lately . unfortunately , as i pressed the plant button , i was n't able to plant . i kept pressing the button but it was n't responding . : loudly_crying_face : this shattered my record .
i really need help with the app but all is in mandarin when i tried to get in my account . when the app is updated , i can not get in the app so i had to reinstall it then when i tried to log in , it said i hv to pay for the premium when in fact , i 've already paid for the premium
the app used to perfectly work before the new update . now it needs internet connection to work and even if it 's working , i can still use the applications . please remove the bugs i procrastinated too much today : loudly_crying_face : :loudly_crying_face : :loudly_crying_face :
at first i really enjoyed this app but over time every update to the app has only served to break features , make it more disorganized , and never adding anything new of value just more problems .
i ca n't open the app.it 's showing it 's not working
this app concept and idea is really good but it does not work well . i paid already but it does not function . i even ask the pic ( person in charge ) but she took forever to reply
it does n't notify me when the time is up , unless i open my phone and check it voluntary . this totally defeats the purpose of me not having to open my phone when i do n't need to . hope you guys could fix this issue .
the privacy policy is just ludacris . especially that all personal and private data ( vids + pics and the rest ) is also collected for the appmakers own `` interests '' . : flushed_face : :flushed_face : :flushed_face :
i ca n't activate notification for complete focus time
real tress can be planted using paid version of the app ... so why should i download this free fake version ?
it did n't let me watch the video to double the coins , and it said i reached the limit of watching an ad for doubling the coins even though i could n't watch any ads and did n't get my doubled coins at the end .
it shows adds which kills my time . i mean , this app does not serve its purpose .
waste of time
went for pro for the whitelist yet i still cant off my phone or visit the internet when i need to
when group-planting only host 's timer starts . asked friends to purchase the app , however each time we try to plant together and start the timer , only host 's countdown begins . the other people in the room get stuck on `` waiting for the host to start ... '' message .
faltu ! required money for everthing , even for sign up . do n't install , waste of time .
good
do n't bother downloading because even whitelisting requires payment and its all separated payment so this app just want to grab money . trash .
i ca n't activate notification for complete focus time
this is good app
in appropriate app
this app is amazing but now it just keeeeeps crashing idk why , i tried reinstalling it but it didnt work . please fix this : loudly_crying_face :
this app doesnt open at all .
keeps crashing ... pathetic
good
i have purchased pro version . i plant a tree for an hour and come after an hour to see the forest destroyed . it has happened more than 3 times . i even left the phone on the app itself . kindly fix this . when you do n't get to see the reward after 3 hours of productive time it really gets irritating and makes me think why did i even purchase this app . kindly help .
sometimes app keeps on crashing ..... and i have to reinstall to get it back
quiero cancelar mi suscripción porque pensé que sólo se pagaba de una vez y de contado pero me la están cobrando mensualmente en 24 cuotas que no acepté . no hay información sobre cómo darse de baja ? ?
it keeps crashing ! ! !
i cant uninstall this completely.there is this package installer uninstalling forest for days and still running.i am using samsung s8 if that helps .
worst , battery consuming app
this app keep on crashing in my device . fedup of this app .
this app is n't even that good i downloaded it and i feel like it kinda threatens people with tree and says if you leave your wasting a tree we are n't even helping a tree it is just a silly app .
app does not work .
only paid one is good .. otherwise not so useful -_-
ok
i ca n't download this app : face_with_steam_from_nose : :anxious_face_with_sweat : :loudly_crying_face : :weary_face : :confounded_face : :disappointed_face : :crying_cat : :weary_cat : :face_with_steam_from_nose : :angry_face : :enraged_face : :face_with_crossed-out_eyes : :flushed_face :
1 ) tips on how to study efficiently and effectively . 2 ) before planting a tree , add a button wherein you should finalize the tag that is set . 3 ) if the tag is changed during the planting process , it should reflect separately the time spent by the previous tag as well as that of the new tag so that the overall distribution is at its peak accuracy . will put 5 stars afterwards .
i had paid once for this app and had login to it . now i have another mobile and want to use my acount on this device , but this app asket to pay first before login . should i pay each time i change my device ?
at first , it was great then the second time i used it . it didnt work . so yeah . too bad . because it really did work and give me motivation to do my work .
you should probably let us view our monthly and yearly progress without premium
my app keeps stopping and then i loose my points .
the old version was good and interesting but in the latest version it needs money for unlocking each and everything
not working in samsung phones , though i bought a premium app
nice
i am on a sony xperia xz premium android 8.0.0 and the app when i move out of the app and use others does not wither the try thus spoiling the point . yes all my notifications and permissions are on . please help so i can actually have incentive growing the forest . there is no crisis notification when i move out of it or onto other apps .
i ca n't upgrade to pro version . anytime i hit the unlock button , the app will say `` some error happened ( 6 ) . please try again later . ''
synchronization does not work since last update with chrome extension . i think in year 2020 when there are services such as firebase this should be normal , however , it is not .
nnuj
good
it is not opening after the update . when i click on it , it says forest keeps stopping
its isnt responding . it wont work
it 's not good for you when u r busy self distancing lmfao
worst app . it crashes everytime u click on it . what to do all my seeds will be gone if i uninstall it . but this is n't my prob so why should i pay for it . fix it . i want my forest back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i used to love this app but it always crashes . now i ca n't even open this app .
sometimes it doesnt count the money inside i felt so frustrated , because my effort does n't convert into money
i dont understand anything
not able to go for pro as the japanese page pops up and i am not understanding anything .
imo this app is completely useless and you are better off locking yourself in a room with a clock . the whole forest aspect is a scam and all the trees are super tedious to obtain depending on one 's study needs . and to pay premium to plnt real trees is a feel good way to buyg their product and it takes 3 days of studying to plant a tree . yes i paid premium . i use ecosia and i planted over 400 trees web surfing . the sounds are useless too as you can get tons of sounds on other app effortlessly .
nise
i love this app , but why does the timer not seem to support landscape mode ? give stars otherwise : flexed_biceps :
cool concept , but sync does n't work , and the desktop add-on is half baked . i wish the developer would be responsive to my emails as well .
i hate to say but ur app sucks . it automatically stops and deletes a tree or seed score . it hangs and even crashes so many times . i ca n't even contact you for support . i spend 600 s from 1146 s left with 546 which got automatically deducted to 200. i mean how on earth this is happening .
updated to android 10 , makes this app could allow me to go to other app . pls fix this bug
i downloaded the app and it worked fine only once .... the second time i tried to open the app .... it stops by itself .... i tired uninstalling and installing again ..... the same thing happened again .... this is the 4th time i had installed the app .... it worked fine once and again has just stopped working ..... it wont even open .
the app suddenly stops working on my phone
very productive app
kicks me out everytime i use it . now i regret installing the new version . i also do n't want to uninstall as i do n't think i have backup . help ?
the app crashed when i raised the time limit to 3 hrs and listened to the forest sound while studying . after that i was n't even able to open the app again . need assistance dev .
it would be better to add a comment on what exactly the time spent for every time we turn the timer on . now it crash and never open in my new samsung galaxy s10 lite . uninstalling it ......
it 's so nice & very productive
i just buy the premium but , the app always crashed ca n't be open
my tree dies without me leaving the app ever since the new update
real tress can be planted using paid version of the app ... so why should i download this free fake version ?
drains a heck lot of battery
used it once and cant use it again cus it crashes
very laggy
good
this is a really smart way to keep you off your phone and motivated to work . and i would love to use this app all day everyday but it needs a pause button desperately . life is full of things that pop up out the blue and in its current state you loose all progress or get rewarded for doing nothing . please , please , please add an optional pause button . there are already a bunch of optional thing to tweak it please add this . i would go pro in a heart beat and it would become my top app .
it 's useful . i was n't sure how good it 'd be at keeping me focused , but it really does help -- and it shows me how much i use my phone . also , the gardens are quite pretty . i would like more realistic varieties of plants and for it to not be so expensive to plant real trees , though . seems fitting to be able to plant trees in real life with every tree you plant . i 'd be much more willing to recommend this app to people if i could plant a real tree with every full tree i plant in the app .
y bhko
the timer does n't work while screen is off . i do not get any notifications that timer is up .
this sucks i thought u could plant trees by just playing it and spending you 're time on it but nohh you need to pay for it i 'm not saying for you to change it but it just sucks
i am a premiun user . installed it yesterday . it refuses to open now and i feel like i have wasted my money .
i purchased the pro version in my motorola g5 plus , than uninstalled it , now i ca n't even get that purchase back ! i understand it happening between two different devices , but i 'm still using same device . please help with it
despite having given all the access required , it just does n't work . wanted to use the app but just could n't because the tree does n't die and it does n't stop me from using other apps . so the purpose is defeated . uninstalling sadly .
i paid for the pro version and next day the data disappeared . i installed the app again and it is no pro any more and the coins and trees had disappeared . can you please fix that ? i did an export of the data and i have it on my msil , but i do n't know what to do . can you please help ?
kept crashing
forest store is not working
useless .
wff
its a good idea , but an app like this should n't lock a whitelist behind a paywall . i 've already read the responses from the devs on the other reviews so i understand why it is but that does n't change my review . i listen to music and use flashcard apps/dictionary apps/art references and my gallery on my phone when doing what i needed this app for . it 's useless if it lacks that basic functionality . will not pay for something that should be included in the free version .
used to love this app a lot ... but in recent times its get crashing on my mobile a lot .. disturbing i already send the details to the given gmail id .. but my problem is not solved
the app keeps crashing .. i paid for the pro version but the problem has n't resolved
nice
great app ! i love this ! !
stopped working , is no longer opening on my phone . i had set the timer and left it alone . terrible
app keeps crashing
the tree store does not work .... please fix other than that great app does what it intends to do .
i bought pro version and paid twice . still have n't been delivered the pro features .
this app keeps stopping everytime i have to reinstall it to use though i have pro version and the problem still persists even i have coomplained about this long before
when i first downloaded the app it worked seamlessly , but once i upgraded to the pro version it began to lag and slow down . i ca n't access my timeline , store or achievements anymore and it 's slow run time is making the app so tedious to use . it 's becoming an awful app for me
some time it 's automatic stopped and not work properly
i do n't understand why do i have to turn on the screen when i grow up the tree . when my screen turns off because of inactivity for 10 minutes , tree dies again . i installed this app to focus on my work ( not my phone ) but this app keeps requiring me to turn on the phone . it 's paradoxical ..
i used to use it all the time before . but now it just stops working all the time ! even after uninstalling and downloading a billion times .
good concept , but whenever i open the shop it says error code 668. i tryed redownloading and it did n't work .
confusing
ca n't install the app
sometimes the app could n't plant the tree , and could n't help to calculate my study time correctly .
can someone tell me why to display a freaking tree on the screen ot requires a 73 megabytes package . shady af .
they are greedy as hell , app size and ram management is very poor , wo n't let you use anything unless u pay for , no trial or anything ...
syncing does n't work . that was the whole point of upgrading to the pro version . i log most of my time in the firefox browser plugin , and it never shows up in the app . i also lost my account . my account was n't authenticating , so i logged out . when i tried to log back in , it did n't recognize my email ( even using forgot password ) . i ended up creating a new account with the same email i know i used before , losing all of my coins . you guys should look into any backend issues with syncing and accounts . thanks .
this app is causing me a lot of trouble .... whenever i close the app and open it again , the app says that forest is n't working .... so i have to delete and download it again and use it 10 times a day ..... and also i have paid premium membership . i have an android phone
not sure what the point is when you can still access any app without interrupting your trees as long as you leave this running in the background ? note : the `` lock forest to stay in foreground '' option is selected
great app to keep focused but too many glitches as you can tell from other reviews . for me it has crashed in the passed . currently the problem is that the vibration alarm does n't come on when i 'm done my timer , so it 's literally failing at it 's secondary job , to keep time of your session ( 1st job is to keep your phone away from you during your study session ) . because of the glitch , i have missed a bus a couple times b/c the timer did n't ring . i am displeased . also the new updates seem unoriginal
update : i did all the steps .. still not working ... it is getting frustrating : downcast_face_with_sweat : i really love this app . but off late it just keeps crashing . can anybody help ? updated : thanks for the reply ! there was no auto update option in my phone settings . so , i have disabled auto update in google play . will it work ?
it 's motivating , but pro mode is a disappointment . now rather than being able to watch an ad for double coins at the end of a session i earn the same base coins with the option to pay real money for increased coin earning . i already paid for pro mode ! and pro mode feels entirely necessary for the white listing feature . without it even apps like a music player or calculator , that are sometimes required to be used while you are focusing , will kill your tree . i feel ripped off .
it 's an interesting idea , but this app missed some extremely important features , namely : a landscape mode , as well as a custom notification sound . why ? those are extremely easy features to add ! my use case is placing my phone on a stand in landscape mode so i can charge it while at work . i want a custom notification sound at work , and i want to be able to watch the timer go down without the screen stuck in portrait . also , i keep the screen on , and the app disses me because i have the app open .
i really love this app , but i ca n't find any way to make it work on my new ( huawei y7 ) phone ! i 've followed all the instructions in the faq and tutorials online , but my trees still continue to grow regardless of whatever other apps i 'm using . i hope this compatibility issue is possible to fix and that it gets fixed soon , because i absolutely love this app otherwise .
confused i planted a tree but instead of killing the tree , i can just leave it running in the background , and the tree still grows
nice app but i want to unlock the whitelist feature but it 's not working . please look to it as i want to unlock the whitelist feature for free .
despite logging out of all my google accounts and restaring my phone , i still ca n't restore my premium account .
good app . sadly it onlt worked for a day . now it crashes instantly .
keeps hanging even after you actually pay money for the premium version .
such a waste of such a great app . would have given it five stars if it did n't constantly crash , causing it to either not open once time 's up unless i force close ( losing my tree ) or not notifying me in the first place as it crashed halfway through ( and again losing my tree ) . i hope this can be fixed in the near future because i 'm not willing on giving up on this app this soon
the app wo n't open anymore and before that i could n't log into my account . pls sort out ! one suggestion i would like to make is the option to arrange the trees and bushes the way we want . it 's a good app just struggling to get it to work .
not worth ! when i use other apps it keeps the timer on . what 's the reason behind it god knows ! i ca n't even get other species of plant as bcoz as soon as i try to do so ..... it shows 'the forest app has stopped ' and just after a second if i reopen the app then except for this function of get other species , other every function i can perform .
used to really love this app and it really helped me start working until i found out that none of my trees die when i switch apps . tried all the instructions in the faqs section of their website but nothing worked . great idea but super disappointed it does n't work in my phone .
i just bought the pro version , great app but some menus fail to load , achievements , store and so on just load continously , fixing this would be great . i reinstalled the app but it did nothing . also random menus sometimes fail to open completely .
cool concept but an app like this requires too much focus of its own which only pulls attention away from your intended project . maybe it would be better with a more comprehensive tutorial but i doubt it . i prefer something straightforward , like screen time .
it was working fine until recently , i bought new bush but when i have successfully planted ( it told me it was successful ) i saw it planted the last tree i had chosen on previous study session and 4 out of 7 trees were dead ( even tho it said i planted 7 successful trees ) . the notification also does n't work
first , thanks to the forestapp team for making this brilliant app . second , in iran we can not pay for the pro version . please find a solution to this problem . : (
i used to really love this app , but lately it wo n't notify me when the timer is up . it 's hard to keep track of how much you 're working
it submits data to facebook ( found this via reviewing my off-facebook activity ) . please , explain what is being shared . uninstalling . update . why forest should send `` basic '' user data to facebook in the first place without an explicit consent ? correct me if i am wrong and you do provide a disclaimer on user data . not all of the user base would want to be discoverable by `` pro '' users .
please give us a way of disabling the red notification dot . it serves no purpose if i ca n't tell what it 's for . get rid of it or make it more clear what it 's indicating . ux should never be an afterthought .
i really love this . but when i want to use it for second time , this apps crashed . i 've uninstalled for many times but it still the same . please do something
so it was good until yesterday .. whenever i tap on the store it keeps refreshing and never opens , i ca n't unlock any tree or even check them out . i sent a picture . thank you for the quick response .
i could n't restore any of my previous planted trees as the app got uninstalled due to an android technical problem . very frustrating that i lost those records . please advise how to restore the history .
i 'm a pro user , worked great initially but it is not opening and continuously stopping . please fix this asap .
your app was gud but when i did reset my phone and install this again app does n't work properly i can do whatever i want it does n't protect me to other apps ... if i use other apps while tree is growing they do n't die ... your app is really useless
waa supposed to try premium but my payment wo n't push through . it keeps saying that i have the wrong google password when in fact i inputed the correct one .
i like this app , but its useless . if i go on a different app , it just gives me a warning and carries on . would be better if there was some sort of consequence for using other apps .
the sad thing is that it did n't allow to sync data . it requires pro version to be purchased
i find the concept of this app absolutely stupid i do n't think people are gon na care about if a virtual plant dies if u use an app and the only thing it does is give u a notification as an incentive . what the app should do is whenever someone opens an app forest should open and display over the app this will prevent others from casually using other apps while their work is in progress .
this has helped me so much : red_heart : i love the app but i swear my coins disappear ? ! ? anyone else having this issue ?
updated to the latest version and the store would not load anymore plus my trees planted for the day does not record anymore
can not create new tags . even deleted a few to test if it was because i had reached an undeclared quota
confusing and what they do n't tell you before you download is that you have to pay for mostly all the features
had been using this app without glitches for quite a while now but the last update prevents me from opening it anymore : (
this app is just impossible to use without the whitelist functionality which got removed from the free version . great shame .
after i bought a new tree or switch from the regular one , none of my trees die when i switch apps .... this is disappointing
i purchased it but it still showing i dont have premium account . the money is debited from my account but i have n't get premium app . please consider this .
few days after downloading it shows that forest app ca n't open or open app again .
i like the options available but for some reason i can still go into other apps when i am planting . only after i go back into the app does it give me the notification . could i get some help ?
the main purpose of this app is to not allow us to open other apps like social media . however when i accessed other apps after pressing the home button i could use them ( note : my wifi was off ) the app was running in the background while i could use my phone completely.please fix it . and a suggestion would be to put a feature to select some apps we want to access while doing our work ( other than calls ) like 'notes ' . i need some apps while i study ( like i keep important notes i need while i study )
update : the app crashes everyday and i have to reinstall it and customize my settings everyday . i have a premium account but still this happens . please help ! this app is life transforming . i 've been using it everyday for four to five hours and i 'm getting so much more done . i love it ! the only issue is that it crashes frequently and i need to keep uninstalling it and then reinstalling it . it 'd be great if the developers looked into that .
good app but once you pay for premium you get half the amount of coins as you 're no longer able to watch ads for double coins . you 'd assume you just get double coins as standard after paying . it also kills trees when you get a phone call even if you dont answer it which is frustrating
for some weird reason the app ( timer ) stopped working after a few months of installing the app . i used to use it everyday but now all i can do is uninstall it . it 's kinda weird how this is an editors choice app . i would give this a five star if this was fixed . and it would be much better if this was not a timer . i would much more prefer if you can add a start button and when you finished studying you can just stop it instead . you ca n't really estimate the time it takes for you to study .
i ca n't even enter the shop : ( i want to get more trees but the app just keeps loading ...
app has so many problems . i started experiencing them once i paid for the pro version . no one has responded me back from the support to solve my issues . some issues are as below . 1. not fully supporting the app whitelist which is a big obstacle in working . 2. not counting the exceeded time even after setting it up again and again . 3. took so long to log in after reinstallation as i tried that to solve the above mentioned issues . my advice : do n't pay for this app till these issues are resolved
i loved this app for a long time , however since an update early in the year the app keeps killing my tree randomly part way through the timer despite me not unlocking or sometimes even touching my phone . i contacted the dev and gave it 6 months in hopes it would be resolved , but unfortunately it looks like this app is n't for me anymore . i hope it works better on your phone ! when it works it 's great !
good concept but simply does n't work , i can still use every single app without any intrusion , the tree does n't even die when i close the app and restart it , totally broken
the idea is better than the execution . buying things from the store requires you to create an account in their app rather than using the play store account . creating an account requires you to enter a birthday which uses a horrible calendar form that requires you to arrow-over every month in every year until you get to your birthday . i 'm not doing that ... the sound turns off randomly ( before the end of the session ) . switching to another app does n't trigger in session warning consistently .
i purchased the premium version and now i ca n't buy new plants , errors keep happening and i would like to go back to the free version without loosing my forest . i have the newest version so it should be so glitchy . once it 's fixed it will get 5 stars .
i re-installed this app last week and it 's been great but recently it wo n't plant the tree when i press plant . it shows the countdown in notifications , but the actual app keeps showing the planting screen with nothing happening , which kinda defeats the purpose of the app .
it lets me get out of app and my tree is still growing . it doesnt prevent me from using phone
it 's good really helpful but i dunno why suddenly stopped working , that buttons are not working , my all coins gone bcz i have to uninstall and reinstall again and again , 2 days it works well then i dunno why does n't work properly ... please correct this problem i 'm really dissapointed : loudly_crying_face :
well .. it worked perfectly fine for 2 days ... now it freezes after the vibration during completion of time .. the record of work also failed to register after it force closes itself ... example : today i have studied like 4hours constantly and it only registered 60mins of work .. rest of the time it freezed right after the completion .. uninstalling such a huge app ...
while the concept is good , the app does n't work . in my case the app does n't detect if i open other apps so my tree keeps growing even if i open other apps . also i noticed that i would reach for my phone more after installing the app . it may work for others but not for me .
as much as i love the concept and i really do want to use it , the app does n't log my times . i 'll plant , and study , then when i come back ( and my tree is supposed to be done growing ) it 'll just start up like nothing happened . i 've had an empty forest for two days now .
i used it twice so far , and i really like it , except from today i havnt been able to open it , it just keeps closing everytime i try to open it .
i just love this app sooo much . it helps me a llot in focusing on my studies . but many times it crasehes at the very last second . i 've lost millions of trees , re-installed and reported thousand times but unfortunately no improvement .
i have a lg k30 phone and after an update the app no longer kills trees when i try and open another app . this happens if the whitelist is on or off and if advance detecion is on or off . if this gets fix then this app deserves the 4.6 overall rating that is has .
this is the 10th or 11th time that i installed this app after uninstalling as it keeps crashing all the time .. application is very helpful to focus on work/study except that it does n't work properly . i am just fed up of reinstalling this app everytime .
hi , i really love this app so i bought the pro version . however , when i click on the button to sign up nothing shows up . i was hoping someone could help me with this issue to correct it .
the app stop responding for many days already ! it is disturbing that it stops after 5 secs whenever i open the app - still stopping
the new `` double reward '' feature is very upsetting and cheapening . the whole point of this app is to help you focus and reduce phone distraction , not barage you with ads for developer profit
i do n't like the new update . now trees for 25 min are worth the same as trees for 10. it does not seem fair at all . also , the trees at the store are now more expensive . i do n't like the update at all .
app was perfect for me untill the last update where i lost all of my coins . i had almost 600 and now i have 0. hence the 2 stars . otherwise great app
i can not log into the application somehow . please help me ! !
why s the app keeping shut down a sound all time ? even i paid for it already , still got this problem . please fix it , i love this app .
i changed the settings like it asked ( allowed the permissions to let it stop me from coming off the app ) but it does n't work : / allowed me to go on a different app then when going back on , the tree was still alive
the app keeps crashing and hanging . recently , after i am done with the entire duration , no coins could be accumulated
the app is not working well . it 's not all recording the duration . it stops responding every time i use it
i love this app , but since the last update i ca n't use it properly , it does n't respond and has lags . please solve this problem within the next update .
so i paid for the premium version but the thing is that i can not sign up when i go to the settings as nothing shows up . hope you can fix this .
guys it is troubling me a lot recently ... after every day it stops working .. and i have tried reinstalling the app many time but serves no help .. kindly fix it ..
love this app but it needs to stop crashing constantly after every update ! figure it out and i 'll change the review
loved it but ... its freezing and wond even start the clock when i push it after 160 hours of usage in total
great app but since the last update time runs out and nothing happens .
getting stuck after a day or two . have to reinstall everytime , because i liked the concept of this app . poor execution
unable to open the app after a days of installing it .. i need to reinstall once again to make it work ...
earlier it was great . but now keeps crashing
the idea is brilliant but the apps do not work on my phones , i changed the apps to another apps and forest keep growing : ( pls fix this
the new update is terrible . why trees cost so much now ? where is the option to get double coins by watching advertisement ?
good application but keeps crashing after trying to double rewards .
it 's alright but like then it gets annoying bc you ca n't set the timer and if you need to check smt on internet it wo n't let you
great app , but deleted it because i do n't like the new santa hat icon edit : added a star because they replied and reverted the icon
it does n't work for me in few days . i plant trees but the time does n't work . please help me i do n't want to uninstall the app .
i like this app.this is a wonderful app.i can focus on my studies because of this app
love the app but it crashes often and then your trees do n't grow
so for some reason now i can exit the app without killing the tree , which defeats the whole purpose of this app .
app is having some problem.after certain time it stops accepting timers
hi ! i have mailed you in detail about the problem i am facing on my moto g5 plus . i hope it will be resolved .
i loved the concept but i study from my phone so whenever i am opening my downloaded files it 's killing my tree ...
since i 've updated the app , it does n't record my working hours ! and also it stops and freezes every time i check it ! should i uninstall it ? : - (
aftre update not run property please ! ! fix it ! ! : angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face :
everything is good but ... the tree does'nt die if i press the home button nd now my sub concious mind knows this which makes this app kimda useless for me .
i ca n't cancel my subscription ! how can i do that ?
the newest version does n't keep my record .
there is a bug of my forest : crying_face : when i use home botton the picture back to homepage and i still can use my phone
i could'nt open the app . it says `` unfortunately forest has stopped working ''
after paying for the pro version it went all good for a few days and now it does n't even open it says `` forest keeps stoping '' i tried clearing the cache but nothing .
good app . sadly it onlt worked for a day . now it crashes instantly .
for the first week of using it , everything was okay but suddenly all of my progress were gone . it was frustrating . and when i tried to use it again , the plant does not change with time . for example , when i adjusted the time to 1 hr , the plant is still a bush . i tried the max time but the plant is still a bush . so i uninstalled it . but it is still a good app .
nice app but i want to unlock the whitelist feature but it 's not working . please look to it as i want to unlock the whitelist feature for free .
plz share instructions on how to use on oneplus . trees do n't wither even after leaving the app
i used to love this app but i have bought a new phone and whenever i open the app it crashes and does n't open . i 've already uninstalled the app and installed it number of times but still the problem exists . please look into it asap !
dissapointing . in some few days , it can ' t be open . i already download it for two tines and nothing change . please fix this one ! : downcast_face_with_sweat :
update : i did all the steps .. still not working ... it is getting frustrating : downcast_face_with_sweat : i really love this app . but off late it just keeps crashing . can anybody help ? updated : thanks for the reply ! there was no auto update option in my phone settings . so , i have disabled auto update in google play . will it work ?
please fix the whitelist bug . instagram is n't included in my whitelist however i can still open it without this app stopping me like it used to .
this app is causing me a lot of trouble .... whenever i close the app and open it again , the app says that forest is n't working .... so i have to delete and download it again and use it 10 times a day ..... and also i have paid premium membership . i have an android phone
the app keeps crashing after 1 use , i had to reinstall so many times . i like the app so please fix it !
great : clapping_hands : :clapping_hands :
keeps hanging even after you actually pay money for the premium version .
needed too many permissions before i could test it out so just uninstalled .
i downloaded the update but still it isnt working . i worked for a day and then stopped
confused i planted a tree but instead of killing the tree , i can just leave it running in the background , and the tree still grows
kind of boring
all of my records get deleted automatically .
not sure what the point is when you can still access any app without interrupting your trees as long as you leave this running in the background ? note : the `` lock forest to stay in foreground '' option is selected
syncing does n't work . that was the whole point of upgrading to the pro version . i log most of my time in the firefox browser plugin , and it never shows up in the app . i also lost my account . my account was n't authenticating , so i logged out . when i tried to log back in , it did n't recognize my email ( even using forgot password ) . i ended up creating a new account with the same email i know i used before , losing all of my coins . you guys should look into any backend issues with syncing and accounts . thanks .
good concept but it does nor work , i can still access youtube and go out of the app but the idea is very interesting , has potential to be an amazing , just the main point of downloading the app malfunctions .
despite logging out of all my google accounts and restaring my phone , i still ca n't restore my premium account .
i want to love this app but lately after once i open this app , then the second time i want to open it , it just doesnt open i dont know why , so i need to keep uninstall and reinstall back and it annoyed me
study bunny is better , and this app blocks you from the premium features . let alone the thought of buying more dull features in this dull app . meh
too much advertisement . not motivating nor relaxing
very disappointed . it kept crashing . i installed it back twice but it would delete previous trees . i loved the concept but these app did n't work for me
the app is crashing and not working . plz help . -xdaofficial . edit : now i ca n't even sign in ! ! all settings are in mandarin ! ! !
please give us a way of disabling the red notification dot . it serves no purpose if i ca n't tell what it 's for . get rid of it or make it more clear what it 's indicating . ux should never be an afterthought .
i like this app , but its useless . if i go on a different app , it just gives me a warning and carries on . would be better if there was some sort of consequence for using other apps .
i used to really love this app , but lately it wo n't notify me when the timer is up . it 's hard to keep track of how much you 're working
it is a good apps but i ca n't open it since the second times . it showed it had frequently crashed . i need to uninstall everytime
can not create new tags . even deleted a few to test if it was because i had reached an undeclared quota
great app to keep focused but too many glitches as you can tell from other reviews . for me it has crashed in the passed . currently the problem is that the vibration alarm does n't come on when i 'm done my timer , so it 's literally failing at it 's secondary job , to keep time of your session ( 1st job is to keep your phone away from you during your study session ) . because of the glitch , i have missed a bus a couple times b/c the timer did n't ring . i am displeased . also the new updates seem unoriginal
it was a great app but after a couple of days it crashed and stopped working so i had to uninstall it . i 'm reinstalling it , let 's see if it happens again .
confusing and what they do n't tell you before you download is that you have to pay for mostly all the features
i installed it and used it only once .. after tht i cant open it .. please help me i really want to use it bcs i 've already purchase for premium and i dont want my money to go on waste
i 'm a pro user , worked great initially but it is not opening and continuously stopping . please fix this asap .
this has helped me so much : red_heart : i love the app but i swear my coins disappear ? ! ? anyone else having this issue ?
crash crash crash always *
pretty good app . the thing i do n't like about it is that you ca n't leave the app or it will reset your progress . i use my phone for homework a lot , so this made it inconvenient to use . so far i 've had better success using pomodoro timers instead . maybe make it where you can whitelist certain apps so that you can use them ?
cool concept but an app like this requires too much focus of its own which only pulls attention away from your intended project . maybe it would be better with a more comprehensive tutorial but i doubt it . i prefer something straightforward , like screen time .
hi , i just purchased the pro version for this app but it seems to be crashing .
i really love this . but when i want to use it for second time , this apps crashed . i 've uninstalled for many times but it still the same . please do something
good
updated to the latest version and the store would not load anymore plus my trees planted for the day does not record anymore
so it was good until yesterday .. whenever i tap on the store it keeps refreshing and never opens , i ca n't unlock any tree or even check them out . i sent a picture . thank you for the quick response .
i ca n't even enter the shop : ( i want to get more trees but the app just keeps loading ...
i like this app.this is a wonderful app.i can focus on my studies because of this app
i just bought the pro version , great app but some menus fail to load , achievements , store and so on just load continously , fixing this would be great . i reinstalled the app but it did nothing . also random menus sometimes fail to open completely .
it does not stop you to open youtube so it 's not that good for me .........................
do you wish to not be a retard ? well ... too bad . simply owning this app means you acknowledge how useless you are to life and should , instead of uninstalling the app , uninstall yourself irl . 2 stars because the app is not entirely useless . it signals to others that you 're a complete moron with no social capabilities .
i really like this app .. and helped a lot on mobile usage .. but after unlocking 3 or 4 tree species , the app wont open ... the same happened after installing the second time
i really love this app , but i ca n't find any way to make it work on my new ( huawei y7 ) phone ! i 've followed all the instructions in the faq and tutorials online , but my trees still continue to grow regardless of whatever other apps i 'm using . i hope this compatibility issue is possible to fix and that it gets fixed soon , because i absolutely love this app otherwise .
after i bought a new tree or switch from the regular one , none of my trees die when i switch apps .... this is disappointing
love the concept but always keeps crashing ... please do something about it !
i find the concept of this app absolutely stupid i do n't think people are gon na care about if a virtual plant dies if u use an app and the only thing it does is give u a notification as an incentive . what the app should do is whenever someone opens an app forest should open and display over the app this will prevent others from casually using other apps while their work is in progress .
why its suddenly requesting to access my phone location information ? i didnt see any concern for this app to access location information .. and when i rejected , the app wont launch at all .. keep sending me to my homescreen .. dev better have an explanation b4 i do something as im a forest pro user .. i didnt pay to have fishy app here .. replying to u dev : how im gon na do that if i cant even open it ? ? bcs i will never give my location access to u
my app keeps kicking me off after i open it
used to really love this app and it really helped me start working until i found out that none of my trees die when i switch apps . tried all the instructions in the faqs section of their website but nothing worked . great idea but super disappointed it does n't work in my phone .
it was working fine until recently , i bought new bush but when i have successfully planted ( it told me it was successful ) i saw it planted the last tree i had chosen on previous study session and 4 out of 7 trees were dead ( even tho it said i planted 7 successful trees ) . the notification also does n't work
it is a great app , allows you to stay focused and not use your phone . but once i update the lastest version of the app and bought the premium pass , the app keeps on crashing . my phone is android version 9 .
earlier it was great . but now keeps crashing
i ca n't cancel my subscription ! how can i do that ?
this app is just impossible to use without the whitelist functionality which got removed from the free version . great shame .
initially app was working nicely but now since last 15 days its not working at all i tried its not opening at all i tried uninstalling and then restalling but same problem app is not opening at all
it submits data to facebook ( found this via reviewing my off-facebook activity ) . please , explain what is being shared . uninstalling . update . why forest should send `` basic '' user data to facebook in the first place without an explicit consent ? correct me if i am wrong and you do provide a disclaimer on user data . not all of the user base would want to be discoverable by `` pro '' users .
waa supposed to try premium but my payment wo n't push through . it keeps saying that i have the wrong google password when in fact i inputed the correct one .
i do n't know why , but the app is n't supporting my phone.it was good till 2 days and later on it stopped responding.but i do appreciate the thought you have put behind it .
the app stop responding for many days already ! it is disturbing that it stops after 5 secs whenever i open the app - still stopping
it 's okay
it 's an interesting idea , but this app missed some extremely important features , namely : a landscape mode , as well as a custom notification sound . why ? those are extremely easy features to add ! my use case is placing my phone on a stand in landscape mode so i can charge it while at work . i want a custom notification sound at work , and i want to be able to watch the timer go down without the screen stuck in portrait . also , i keep the screen on , and the app disses me because i have the app open .
it 's motivating , but pro mode is a disappointment . now rather than being able to watch an ad for double coins at the end of a session i earn the same base coins with the option to pay real money for increased coin earning . i already paid for pro mode ! and pro mode feels entirely necessary for the white listing feature . without it even apps like a music player or calculator , that are sometimes required to be used while you are focusing , will kill your tree . i feel ripped off .
i wish they had a chart on where we could see the other participant 's timing ... this could inspire us .
updated : i did not download the app elsewhere , the chinese language came out after i cleared the data of the app because of the crashes . it came back to normal after reinstalling it . another update : the app crashes again after it , there is really something wrong with your app here
it is good app but when i update it , it stopped working
i had the app for the past two years . i opened it after around a fortnight and it did not open . it just kept crashing . i tried re-installing the app but it still kept creashing . but it was an awesome app when it used to work .
the app is good but it automatically exits after a while and just does n't open after.i have to uninstall and reinstall again and again . it gets tiring after a while .
when my phone is ringing , although i did n't answer , my tree is killed , what should i do ? ? ? also voice call or video call in what s app cause the kill the trees
when i first installed it , it was working perfectly fine . but the next day after that , i ca n't even open the app anymore .
the sad thing is that it did n't allow to sync data . it requires pro version to be purchased
`` price '' went up with latest update . do n't update until you buy all the trees you want ! ( example , bear paw now 2000 coins ) .
keeps clossing
it crashes upon opening after i updated it .
i can not log into the application somehow . please help me ! !
i like the options available but for some reason i can still go into other apps when i am planting . only after i go back into the app does it give me the notification . could i get some help ?
first , thanks to the forestapp team for making this brilliant app . second , in iran we can not pay for the pro version . please find a solution to this problem . : (
the app wo n't open anymore and before that i could n't log into my account . pls sort out ! one suggestion i would like to make is the option to arrange the trees and bushes the way we want . it 's a good app just struggling to get it to work .
worst app ever . after updating app its not even opening . how am i suppose to use ot now ? initially as i started using it was ver good but it got bad after updation ! what 's the matter with it ?
the app is very good but for some day when i click on plant the app stops working
not worth ! when i use other apps it keeps the timer on . what 's the reason behind it god knows ! i ca n't even get other species of plant as bcoz as soon as i try to do so ..... it shows 'the forest app has stopped ' and just after a second if i reopen the app then except for this function of get other species , other every function i can perform .
this app is not getting opened pls look after this
keeps crashing
aneh masa pas masuk ke apk nya malah keluar_-
great app , but deleted it because i do n't like the new santa hat icon edit : added a star because they replied and reverted the icon
i could n't restore any of my previous planted trees as the app got uninstalled due to an android technical problem . very frustrating that i lost those records . please advise how to restore the history .
your app was gud but when i did reset my phone and install this again app does n't work properly i can do whatever i want it does n't protect me to other apps ... if i use other apps while tree is growing they do n't die ... your app is really useless
this app is fine but after sometime it wo n't open and i do n't know why . besides this problem , it works amazing . i would have given it 5 stars but i 'm giving it 2 just because of the problem ...
this app is good but it works only once or twice a day and then crashes a lot.need to reinstall it to work again . please fix this bug.else i would have given 5 stars
one day i kinda broke my tree and after that it told that if you want your tree to remain nice watch a viedo
well i like the app and it truly helps me stay focused , combined with some time restriction methods it 's good ( although those ones are short times plus breaks ) , achievements are boring and not good enough , they try to make you pay for extra , but the app itself is not exciting enough to pay , the achievements are not really worth it and it 's hard to unlock new trees even with pro version . no new campaigns are launched & collecting coins is not an easily achievable task , too hard to get new trees .
this app is amazing but after one day when i try to open it , it will just go back to my phone home screen . when i uninstall it then install it again , it will work but i will lose my forest and after a day it wo n't work again . please fix this issue , i really love this app besides that issue i 'm facing .
it 's really motivating and would be perfect but it does n't notif if your phone is locked . you 'll only know that the time is done when you check the app , only then does it vibrate and notify you . i 've followed all the instructions but it still does n't properly notif when locked . have to look for a new app : (
reduced one star because there is a pro version .. 5 stars rated when there is another pros version ? ? it cant be , right ? reduced for another star because i suggest that you should have a 'pause session ' , check it out from the study bunny .
the app is really good , but after some time it keeps stopping ! i reinstalled it two times and the third time also , the problem persists . i was forced to uninstall it finally .
it is a very good app for staying focused while studying , but the problem i 'm facing now is that the music keeps stopping at random intervals and i have to unlock the phone to keep the music playing . please look into this otherwise it 's a great app .
this app used to be brilliant . it then began to function regardless of whether you were using your phone or not- essentially just becoming a basic timer . and then now the timer fails and kills trees when youre not using your phone . i just planted a tree only for it to die 20 seconds after when my phone locked .
helps me stop touching my phone it helps me stop touching my phone . however , there is not much thrill in planting the tree . you can not select where the tree is going to grow , and eventhough there are number of other trees , it cost so much and earn so little from planting it makes it so boring . it can get quite dissapointing
generally a useful app , i 've found using a visual reminder to stay focused has helped and working toward unlocking new plants was fun . i found the recent increase in cost to unlock plants demotivating and i 've been using the app less since it happened .
i have a moto e 1st gen and i updated forest app using google play . result . forest app gets a crash everytime i try to use it . fix the bug . it runs android kitkat .
it 's really cute and motivating . but what i 'm missing , would be an option to set a tree to be planted at a specific time .
i love this app but i wish free users could do more without a membership . like at least they could be able to see the leaderboard ... : //
this app is great ! i 've used it for a year now , but i find that the app was preferable prior to the update . i really do n't like that the plant only changes or `` evolves '' with at least 60 minutes . now it feels like anything under that does not matter . if i focus for 10 minutes or 50 minutes makes no difference in the app , which is a little demotivating . please consider changing this . other than that , phenomenal app .
works great on the phone but had trouble multi-tasking on my tablet . the tablet version does n't let me open a language learning app ( or similar apps for that matter ) without sending a warning message and killing my tree , not fun to use when you ca n't do what you set out to do . such a shame . edit : thanks for the response , i reinstalled it and tried again but the app whitelist is now only with premium in the current version . : (
this app has been very helpful in the past . i have n't enjoyed the most recent update , though . hence the 3 stars . if i close the forest app so it 's not an open tab , it does n't send me back to the forest anymore . i have n't changed any permissions , it 's all exactly the same . it allows me to bypass the system , which is n't helpful at all . please figure it out with the next update . i would like my forest app back
the app is very good , but it keep crashing from time to time and i have to reinstall the app . please look into this
please help ! ! the app keeps crashing after some automatic update . it refuses to open after the crash . have to reinstall it everytime until it crashes again . have done this the 6th time . being a pro user i get to sign in and retrieve the data , but still loses lot of time and momentum doing all this installing and reinstalling thing after each crash . btw amazing app helped me focus and have goals in life !
the app idea is great on itself . however , there are too many options blocked behind the pro version which one would think are basic : whitelist and exporting the progress ( changing phones makes all the progress be lost ) . moreover , although not essential , some free achievements would also be nice , even if they do n't give any coins . i 'm willing to change my rating if i see any of those changes , since like i said , the app is quite good already ( free version feels like less than a free trial ... )
amazing app ! : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : i love the concept of combining productivity and rewards together . the feeling of satisfaction and joy is just thrilling after your time is up and you successfully planted a cute tree . only thing that is n't working for me is that the page for buying trees is n't loading . i ca n't see the trees i want to buy and there 's an error whenever i want to buy a sound . to sum it up , i ca n't buy trees or sounds . please fix this bug as i want to unlock more trees .
the fact that the app does not let you use other studying apps that you have on your phone or google to find information is a bit annoying . currently the only way to get around this is to collect all the information you need before turning on the app , but , that opens you up to distractions and wasting time.i feel like this app is specifically designed for reading purposes only , since i can sometimes finish homework before the timer runs out but the only way to stop the app is to kill the tree .
i 'm a premium user and i 've bought it for about 3 weeks now . however , i 've realized lately that although the timer records the amount if time i 've focused , the app doesnt record nor update my data , for example in the friends page it always says that i 've focused for 0 minutes when in reality it 's a couple hundred minutes already . please try to fix this problem . thank you !
this app was very helpful up until the last update where they inexplicably took away the `` lock forest to stay in foreground '' feature . as of right now it 's basically useless , but the support staff is great and said they were hoping to bring back the feature ! so other than that it would be 5-stars . do n't change the feature that keeps people off their phones
i kinda miss the old system where time-specific trees styles were the thing . now you can pick anything after focusing for 10 minutes . it actually takes away incentive to study / focus longer . nitpick 1 : the bracketed ( week ) has no space after the day , example monday ( week ) , instead of monday ( week ) . nitpick 2 : sharing . it would be nice to share more than just an image of the forest . perhaps some tree stats ? much like there is underneath the forest itself .
i do enjoy this app , but it looks and functions terribly on anything but a mobile aspect ratio . i 'm attempting to use this for chromeos , on a pixelbook , but the app is unable to run in windowed mode or resize in landscape mode properly . i am also a pro-user , but the app lacks pro functions . there is no pause feature to be found on either the android or chrome extension and deleting records costs an additional 60 coins .
i 've been using this app for a long time and i love it ! however , recently , it has been weirdly buggy and my trees die from things like `` samsung health '' as well as snapchat notifications ! even when i do n't even look at them , the notifications kill the tree !
i have been using forest since 2017 and had collected over 3000 coins . unfortunately my phone got stolen and i had to buy a new one . now when i reinstalled the app it 's saying that i need to start collecting again and to log in i need a premium account which i have never had . how can i get my points back ? thank you .
i like the app and it works to improve my productivity , but the notifications almost never show up and the whitelist mode does n't work sometimes . i wish there was a way to change the ground color for the day/week/month , and it 's quite annoying that the flowers are as big as trees .
this app is really good but i have a major issue with it . it helps you focus , not to get distracted but sometimes i need to a calculator or google or a dictionary i ca n't because my tree will die ! ! so i need to exit the app ( the tree is still growing ) and then i can access google or what not please let the app access certain apps if possible .
i found a way around this app . i always do this , and for the longest time , forest was the app that kept me truly focused cause i dont want my trees dead , but then i found out that if i remove the app from the background while a tree is planting , i can use all phone features & id still get the tree and coins by the end of the time i put . now im just planting trees to gain coins so i can plant actual trees . can this be fixed ? i really love the app .
when the screen goes off and you on your phone but did not press into an app , the tree will be killed and waste your efforts . a lot of features are also locked and only premium which does n't help with productivity . the achievements sector of the app can not be seen and the tress dies without reasons
right after installing , i noticed that whitelisting apps is such an important and basic feature which you made available only for premium users . this is such a ridiculous decision for a `` google play editor 's choice app '' that im not even gon na bother trying your app any more than 1 minute . - update : no it 's unacceptable that your development team did n't predict the flow of new installations and did n't include any kind of trial period , but fine i 'll up my rating to 3 neutral .
i am kind of sad that we are not able to choose where to put the tree on the terraine : ( other than that , the app seems great ! ! also would be interesting to have the actual forest overview as a widget on your display : flexed_biceps :
i like the app and the idea . i do n't know if it 's only me but since the app is working in the background all the time and it 's a requirement from the app , the battery consumption is quite high . is there a way of fixing it ? the app is already running with locked screen , it is automatically locked . thanks !
i love love love the app and ever since i bought the pro version i 've had it running in the background and was still able to access other apps i use for studying . the problem is ... i ca n't access the store where you can buy various different trees . so all i 'm stuck with are the defaults and the wisteria tree i redeemed . five stars if you can fix this problem .
it helps tho , but i ca n't access premium account even if i had enough load credits in my phone network .
it really helps in focusing but there is this premium thing so i can not do many stuff . i think you have to pay or get the premium thing to plant trees in real life but i like how there 's this different kind of trees and stuff like it has music ! !
this app is good , but it will be extra good if the developer put an option to continous timing for focus . i believe there should not be any kind of limit like 10 min . remove it or give an option to set custom time in hour and minute .
great , but why i 'm able to open and prolong operate any app immediately after assigning timer . then after using 3 to 4 apps , `` forest `` gets to know that i 'm using other apps and reminds me about my distraction ....... so late ! ! please fix this problem otherwise it 's a great application for controling phone distraction .
i like this app but i give only 3 stars because i am unable to bye new plants , whenever i go to store to bye new plants it always load , loading never stops and , so i was always unsuccessful to bye new plants . please make any solution for this problem so then i can give you 5 stars
the app works only if you do not press `` clear all apps '' while the app runs . the moment you clear , you can shuffle between other apps and use it as long as you dont reopen the forest app . the app starts running again , once you open it and it blocks other apps . this needs to be fixed !
i like this app , but recently it keep crashes , i have already update to the latest version and it still keeps doing that , i ca n't even open the app ... please help . thank you .
honestly , this app is not so bad but , everytime i check other apps , my tree does n't die , except if i close all the cards of my phone . however , i think it 's a very good app to stop to use too much your mobile phone , but i 'd like more changes .
it 's ok but new trees are way too expensive , and only few change their form with the time passing . you can also pay with app-coins to buy sounds which are available all over the internet , including other apps . i would love for the developers to add new features tho !
not able to show the notification after the time is up . also , it is not able to function well on counting the exceeded time or shown incorrectly . it would be of great help if you could fix the problems . thank you : )
i wanted to ask if we receive any coins if we plant trees for a long period of time . because when i planted a tree for 2 hours i did n't receive any coins . is this intentional or a bug ?
it 's really a great app and good concept to cure phone addiction . but i 've some ideas for making it more interesting . introduce forest customization options- like a real forest . add animals , cascades etc . anyway great work guys !
i would love to buy trees but even though i have the coins i get told i do n't have enough . that is rather frustrating . but it is great to set goals and make it so you can not be distracted by texts and emails .
this app really helpful to focus on your task . before i update forest for the last version , the tree always dies if i open other apps . but , after i updated the tree is still growing although i open other apps
bought premium version of the app but the whitelist fuction not working well as the tree is n't be killed when i use app i 'm not supposed to
originally had it at 5 stars but every time i study now my friends list is completely innacurate . it wo n't show the correct amount of hours i 've studied for on my friends list , e.g . today i 've done 70 minutes but it comes up as 20. very annoying .
interrupting buzzing . the app makes a buzzing noise while i use it . first one long silence , interrupted by a buzz , short silence , then buzz before a long silence
hey i 've been using it pretty good . but today when i played the forest rain and locked my phone , the white noice ( : thinking_face : ) did n't work . like it has some problem . : thinking_face :
i really like the paid version of the app , the only request i would have is i use this app for pomodoro ( 25 min bursts ) during the work week and i miss having the full tree image . is there a settings option to change this ?
good idea and work i would like to give it 5 stars if you solve my problem im using asus zenfone 3 max and app not able to detect my usage of other apps and plant never withers even if i close the app i give every permission it demands but it still continues im pro version user by the way
there are some bugs in the latest version that i have n't had before . it 's always lagging and nothing is loading in the app .
the app keeps crashing every day , and would n't open . every morning i got to reinstall it and log in again ... what 's wrong ...
i can say this is a nice app ! i often see this app on so many study videos . but i just start to use this app now and when i plant the tree , i can still open other apps and the tree did n't die ... please help
note 10 plus - buffering issues . timeline feature and the coin `` + '' sign cause the app to go into buffer mode . so those features eventually are unavailable .
i love using forest as a timer when i study , however there is the ethical issue that you ca n't plant real trees unless you have premium . this really frustrates me because they took an opportunity to help the environment and turned it into an opportunity to make money . i understand that they need the money from buying premium to plant the trees , but it feels like they are making people feel guilty in order to sell premium to them . thank you for the response , i appreciate you taking the time .
the guide to take the notifications off literally just shows for vivo , oppo ( i do n't even know what these are ) , huawei and xiaomi phones , there 's no guide for simply android or iphone
the app does n't prevent me from using the unnecessary apps : ( the app did , but idk suddenly it does n't anymore , even the help does n't help bc it only shows for vivo , oppo , huawei and xiaomi .. where 's samsung ? i hope you repair this asap : ) thx
i love this app so far , but i can not access the store to buy more trees and plants ? which is a huge bummer , i love all the special little guys that need to be unlocked .
initially the app worked really well but now it is not opening and i dnt know what to do . i also tried clearing the data bt the issue still remains .
kindly add daily focus time feature when we open monthly or yearly focus.daily focus time is available in many free pomodoro apps.i dono why it is npt available even in paid version .
i 've used this app before and i like it . the only issue is there are no breaks , it 's kind of difficult to study and have no breaks .
i 'm using the premium version.recently it stop updating the total time focused by itself when comparing with other friends .
phone/computer sync could be improved . also does n't have a timer for your rest between pomodoros .
after unlocking the tree with sufficient coins the tree is not changing and irt remains fixed in green colour
great concept . store does n't open though it needs fixing .
i really like the idea of this app , however you'rer not allowed to use lot of useful features unless you pay ! and that 's upsetting : /l
i missed the old tiny tree that was at before for 10 minutes of focusing , i truely missed it : broken_heart :
i allowed it to do everything possible and it did n't tell me to give in my email . so now i ca n't play the game because an email was n't sent to me . : angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face :
good .. but i ca n't plant another type of trees : expressionless_face : i unlock trees but it ca n't be planted
they need money for whitelist and great feature which is not good .. although its great app
it 's such a great app , but i ca n't receive any notifications of planting reminder
after the new update i can not plant the new tree ( real tree )
great , i just wish i can move it to another device with out having to by it again
this one is very beautiful but its tree texture is not beautiful .
hi , i liked the concept very much , unfortunately the design really bothered me : the different trees are not in the same drawing style and they do n't fit together ... just hated seeing them next to each other .
too many features are premium and that 's kinda annoying , still like the app though
it allows me to leave the app . i have a techno phone . how do i fix this ? sleeptown works perfectly though .
i like the concept ... but it do n't work . : ( i am able to go on facebook even if the tree is growing ! even now , i have a tree growing as i type . i really like the idea ... but it do n't work ( on my phone ) .
i enrolled myself in beta version and gained almost 1000 coins . but after sometime the app stopped working properly ! the start button wo n't work or the estimated time was almost 3 times . the i left the beta version and reinstalled the application . it 's working fine now but i lost all the coin count and now i am back to square one ! i was so upset ! i love this application though ! but please fix these bugs guys !
i wish i could use whitelist for free , because i live in iran and ca n't pay for it
after the latest update , there seems to be some problem with this app . sometimes , when i try to press the button 'plant ' , nothing happens , not even when i click on the 'three stripes ' button then a notification will be sent telling me that the app has stopped working . after reopening the app a few times , the problem persisted . plus , after the update , sometimes i ca n't write description about the tree that has been planted.the sunflower i planted was shown in the notification , but not in the app .
i like this app , but despite all attempts following your steps , the notification is still not working . it used to work just fine , but for some reason , i 'm guessing after an update , it will not notify me that the time is up until i press my phone 's powers button , meaning i am having to come back to my phone every so often to check if my time is up , which contradicts this apps purpose . i 'm sometimes going 20 minutes over time - so much for pomadoro ! please fix this issue !
after i grow a plant , when it gives the option of double reward by watching a video , i click on double reward . and it shows a video which i watch also , after that the screen goes black , nothing happens , and i had to close it , when i try to open again , it says forest app is not responding.and when i click ok for that , and open the app , it opens , but with only half reward , there is no double reward given , even after i watch the advertisement video , what kind of cheating is this ? please fix it .
i have recently upgrade the app to the pro version , and i 've got to say that while i enjoy the concept of forest through keeping the tree alive , since the upgrade the app keeps crashing : loudly_crying_face : ! ! ! when i go to the store to unlock a new tree it come up with an 'error ' message and when i want to plant a new tree once the timer is up , i need to restart the app . i did n't experience any problems as such before hand , and while this app is up-to-date i 'm not sure why i 'm experiencing this problem ( ? ? ? )
font too small
thanks forest its a really great app . but , sometimes when i am not connected to the internet it does n't work . when i want to plan and push the button , nothing changes . and this really bothers me cuz i love this app and its a really crazy problem that i want you to fix it . tnx again
whilst being engaging with its currency system , in how you have to work to personalise your experience , i do have some quarrels . one of these being the similarities in structure between this app and others such as grammarly . i understand that this is an advertising matter , however it seems to have stolen the feature to double your reward from watching an advert . this i find , encourages both laziness and the dulling of the experience as it feels repetitive . less help would give more work for us .
the app itself is a great concept and it works wonderfully . but the fact that you have to pay actual money to help plant real trees is what made me uninstall it altogether . this just adds to the idea that helping the earth is n't accessible to everyone , which it needs to be . end of discussion . overall the app is a great concept if you just want to plant fake trees yo help you focus .
hello forest , i interest with this app to stay focus . it work when i press back button and app will warn , but there 's some problems with other buttons : forest do n't detect when i press home button & task button , so i can open other app and my tree is still growing . hope u can fix this or tell us why we still can press other buttons ? thanks
i have the pro version . its almost perfect , but , there needs to be an automatic option , for a tree to automatically start planting at a certain time . for someone with distraction issues , like me , the notifications are n't enough , and they 're inconsistent
this app is absolutely amazing and helps a lot during exams but after a while it starts crashing and i lose the previous history and the trees i get using the coins.that is really disappointing . this has happened more than thrice . kindly look into it . other than that it really does keep one focused .
overall , i enjoy this app . however , i just needed to call 911 , and the app made me confirm more than once if i really wanted to kill the tree before i could make the call . there should be an emergency-kill-without-question button or option or something , because that is not safe .
whitelist apps feature should be available without buying pro . in todays world we necessarily need some apps while studying or working . the app would be useless if we ca n't use those apps . so i request you to make available whitelist apps feature to the non pro version . i would have given 5 stars if the feature was available for non pro users .
only works fine when app is on screen , which means i ca n't press home button or switch apps while i wait for my tree to finish . it is mildly irritating because i use other apps to study . but still , thank you for this app , it motivates you to be productive by rewarding you cute/cool trees !
achievements are not loading anymore
it was very useful at first helping to focus on things ; but recently after the new update it looks like the app is crashed . suddenly stops working while i 'm in the app and not working any more ! hope you guys fix it soon .
good app ... but once i swipe the application from recent applications the purpose of the application fails . following which i can access all the applications without effecting my forest . also an option to arrange my trees would be really nice to see .
one of the best app for focussing and productivity . the coin system motivates me to go for more sessions . but the app freezes everytime after udimg it for few days . please , solve this as soon as possible .
this was useful so i decided to unlock the pro version . but after paying , i could n't unlock it and it kept saying that there 's a problem . i tried all th solutions listed but it still did not resolve it . i would like a refund please
its a cool app but im afraid it doesnt all too well on my huawei p9 leica , it doesnt kill the plant when i switch apps , rendering the whole experience pointless , i followed all the setup instructions and forums but it still didnt work : (
it 's great app , very much helpful to focusing but now it 's not as its stopped all the time from 2 days even for 15 min time and bcoz of this i did n't get any tree and from beginning i loss many trees which worth atleast 150 points which demotivated meso pls fix this problem
i 'm disappointed that it requires the wifi to be on for it to start a timer . so i have to put wifi on , start a timer , then turn it off , and it 's so inconvenient . otherwise it 's a nice app
nice idea , but the problem is that i tried to see what happens if i close the app and use other stuff like games , it said that the tree would wither , but when i come back after playing the tree is still growing . is this normal ?
the whitelist feature does n't seems to be working , otherwise there is not a thing wrong with this app . it 's absolutely amazing , so helpful and motivating ...
it crashes everytime i open it whenever i go one day without using it
good app but too many bugs . the app crashes when you want to buy a new type of trees recently . i was unable to switch between tree types as well . my android is updated , i have pixel 2 that never had problem with other apps .
i completely understand how this app would be very helpful , but i downloaded it so i could focus while doing my work . i need to access google docs to be able complete my task , but when i tried to use it , it told me that i would have to kill my tree before i could . this is my only problem .
while it 's actually increased my productivity , it would sometimes just crash for no reason , killing the tree . this is honestly pretty annoying . my device is a samsung galaxy note 4 .
great app , i really wish it had a break or timeout button for when i need to check a message or whatnot instead of making me kill the tree , but overall great app .
i like your app , but the free version is very restricted . please at least add achievements and custom tags to free version . by the way great app .
it 's amazing and it helps me so much when writing , but these days it keeps crashing all the time : (
basically i satisfied with this app but i ca n't change trees even though i unlock the new trees . ( i 'm using an android phone ) please fix this bug immediately .
the new update causes forest to freeze leaving no choice but to exit the app . but doing so erases the exited session . please fix this asap .
every time i click the plant button , it do n't works , and i have to try it many times and the tree is planted
after it was updated , i ca n't open this app , it do n't work and i have to reinstall it because i still love this app . but that is n't comfortable . hope you guys can fix it
when planting tree with exceeded timer count on ... the tree does n't get planted even after the set time ! please fix this .
it was a very nice app until it started lagging so much ... just planted a two hours tree and the app deleted it , as if i had done nothing ...
the app is n't working properly . it keeps getting stuck and the notification `` app not responding '' keeps popping up .
it is an extremely good app . but it keeps crashing . have installed it for the 3rd time in 2 days .
the app does not work . i can use my phone freely but it seems like a great app . also there is no instructions for lg phones .
it 's really good but i think forest should add more sturdy music because it can really help .
i loved using this app but now it is not working at all * i ca n't sign in even after paying ! !
no webapp , no integration with other services ( google task , calendar .... ) , ca n't pause/stop the current pomodoro
when i tap the `` plant '' button it does not shows the timer page and seems not to start .
it 's a very nice app , but they doubled ( if not even more ) the price of the most part of the threes
i have bought once , and uninstalled , but this time i installed it again and had to pay twice .
the app keeps crashing and i lost all the progress after reinstalling it ( i have the paid version )
the app size is too heavy .. i would expect a lighter and storage friendly productive app of such , as a better alternative if it is improvised
it does n't work . i can still use my blacklisted apps while the tree is growing .
this app is amazing . it would be better if the app was able to be used without internet though .
it hangs .. in my phone .. does n't work .. cant understand .. what the hell is happening with this app .. after using more than 2times .... fix it plz
i dont get any notification when the timer runs out . please help .
the app is crashing after i tap the plant button . please do something about it : (
it 's very disappointing that real tree planting is a premium service . if it was a free option , i would use this app almost 7/24 and you would win so much ad money , right ?
i 'm unable to double my coins .. it is frustrating ..
good please remove purchase or keep a pin while the time of purchase.good nice to focus .
i need help , the tree does not die if i leave the app . maybe because i have a razer phone 2 ?
app was great but now the system crashes when in press plant
why does n't it turns off my message notification
i purchased the pro version but i changed my phone , so the app says that i have to purchase to log in . what should i do ?
the app again crashed after updating ... its not even responding
the photos that described what the app was about made it seem like the whitelist was just part of the app . edit : what ? ? ? what kind of a responce is that ?
after new update , the app is crashing ! : (
was really great but lately it has been killing my trees even though i 'm not touching my phone at all . it 's kind of discouraging to come back after two hours of work and see that you now only have dead trees in your forest ...
after recently updation this app is not proper working .. please solve this issue .
it 's perfect but always hanging .
the only problem i have is that a lot of content in the app including the information and payment gateway regarding premium version is not in english . if i ca n't understand the terms and conditions or whatever i am clicking how will get the correct information about the purchase . kindly provide all information regarding pro version in complete english 'only ' .
good concept , works fine , helps to avoid phone addiction . but the problem with this app is that it crashes everytime when updated . several times i installed and then uninstalled it . that led to loss of data and time . tried your way , not available in my device . problem still persists .
i like the idea , but does no one else have serious concerns about privacy ? yes , the required permission to monitor your usage of other apps seems reasonably well-motivated by the stated purpose of classifying your phone usage as focused vs unfocused phone . but on further consideration , that ' actually a ton of information to sign away in exchange for growing some digital trees . i 'll just stick to a simple timed alarm until i see some assurance that our usage data is n't being sold to 3rd parties .
this was a great app for productivity but it was initially difficult to navigate through . once i figured it out it still took a bit of time to set up and keep track to . if you 've used baby of these , this interface is beautiful but it takes some time getting used to the input and progress .
love the app , but i used to enjoy when the forest filled up and the trees merged together , i wish they could bring that back ; cuz i do a lot of my work in bursts of 10-25mins and i never get the chance to get the elaborate plants from the longer time requiremnents . i took my review down to 3 stars because the plants are more expensive now which means there is less incentive to grow trees and save money because the goal of buying a new plant seems out of reach
the app is very nice but it keeps crashing . please fix this i do n't want to uninstall this app it helps me soooo much . after 2 days of downloading this app , when i open it it will take me to my home page . it would n't function . i have to clear the data and restart for it to function again . please fix this immediately . thank you .
it is really different and essential idea but unfortunatly in my phone you can come out of the app without destroying your tree
good app , however i have upgraded to pro version yet after twice usage now i can not open forest at all . this issue also happen before i update forest . i thought upgrading to pro will prevent from this issue ( editted ) hi .. i have sent an email to the address you mention . the mail suggest me to disable the auto update , uninstall then reinstall the app . i have done it all , for two days it was okay , yet today i can not open the app anymore . just like before . the app is keep crashing .
i really like the idea of this app but it does n't function well for me . i 'm a musician and i tried using it for practise but i had to use an metronome in the phone and then the tree always dies . i wish it was possible to let it grow without having to look at it all the time . maybe also a pomodoro function ?
i like the idea of this app . i already purchase the pro version . but , some blacklisted app still unable to wither the tree when i open it from notification , such as line and whatsapp . also , when i opened game , there is no floating banner that warn me to go back to the forest app .
app friezes when changing plant offline , fix needed
love it ! i have enough coins but i still ca n't purchase trees.is it only for the premium package ?
great , but does n't work offline
the app is excellent in it 's working . however , it crashes frequently , making me uninstall and reinstall it . typically i think it happens if i open the app after a few days , without closing it properly ( forcing it to go in the background ) .
it is amazing app . it was working great a week ago but i do n't know why from this week it does n't count the time properly for example if i studied 4hours+ it only shows 1hour . but overall i really like to study when i use this app . i hope they fix the bug soon .
please add pause provision in the app for long time study so thay actual focus can be counted .
i think the idea is pretty good but the app doesnt work too well . it used to show me an alert whenever i opened a game or instagram but now it doesnt so i just start loosing time . also , it should be conected to the computer extension so i dont have to keep track of two different trees . there 's a lot of room for improval so please make the app better . i still use it though but it could be so much better if it worked properly .
this is a good app for forming habits . however , it is missing important functions that you 'll need . for one , this is primarily a countdown timer app . it only counts down for a specified time . it would be better if i could have a stopwatch feature . i want to use this app for times i 'm working out . also , the minimum time allowed is 10 minutes . they should change this . either way , i uninstalled . ads suck too .
it helps me stay away from my phone for a limit of time and that developed a feeling of productivity in me
it was great for 1 day ! i cant open it ! a waste of time ! i need to uninstall and download it again for it to work for just 1 freaking day ! dont download !
even though i love it whenever i am doing tasks i like to do i cant play the atmosphere binaural app or the spotify app and i always play music when i do tasks . and also i i would like naming the task feature as a way to track it . another suggestion would be if i do more than i expected time wise going over to get more water for the extra time .
it is mostly a boost to your own motivation ... if you are not motivated enough , it ai n't gon na work for you ... there is nothing to stop you from using phone otherwise even while the tree continues to grow ... plus growing a tree as it does , is no real game or any incentive for that matter ... completing a painting or part of quest with every focused duration would have been so much better ...
hi i enjoyed the app but now it 's crashing each time i try to open it and i have to reinstall it . i would n't mind of it was the first time but this is like the fourth time it 's happening . mind looking into it ?
love the app , but i just purchased the pro version and my generate your personal flower event gift wo n't appear in the trees i can use . it says i still need to purchase it , but then i ca n't purchase it either because the store saya i already have .
i love the concept of the app but it needs a big update to change the interface , which makes it difficult for the user to interact with the app in a fun way . i bought the premium version and because i really want to like this app and i think the real forest thing is really cool , i 'll continue using it for a while . but seriously guys , please improve your app .
i had the free version and enjoyed it but since i have bought the premium version , i have not been able to buy new trees ! a message reads `` push-plantboost-token error : 404 ( or 422 ) '' and it remains on the screen even if i leave forest ! ! ! not glad about that really ... : - ( ( (
great app . gives me the motivation to do the work and have a little garden of my own . but lately it doesnt want to start . crashes as soon as i click on it . please do something .
it 's a good app , but it keeps crashing .. when i use the app after a week 's time , it does n't open . i 've had to reinstall it multiple times please fix it
there 's some problem with the newest version . the app does n't blacklist other apps anymore . apart from that , this is a good app . provides motivation to stay focussed . edit on 2019/11/17 please fix the new bugs . the app is crashing everytime i 'm planting a tree after installing the new update .
great pomodorro -like method for staying on task with a built in reward . whitelisting was free at first , they should 've kept it free and added * other desireable features they could 've offered at a price .
this app is a very playful app . i use this app as a game . but i have faced some problems using this app . i can use other apps ( phone based app/given by phone authority ) while 'forest ' app is active in the background . but on some apps ( the apps i have installed by myself ) the forest app does its job . when i get into other apps the tree i have planted on forest app should have died but the forest app is not working on phone based app/given by phone authority .
this app really is a great idea but for those who dont care about a little digital plant like me it really isnt going to be affective because they wont care if the plant dies . im going to try to download it again so i can have a little more discipline but other than that i think it is really nice .
no doubt this is a great app but it is now causing errors . app crashes all the time when i completed my first session of study . now i am facing very much problem.kindly work on this issue
its refusing to open on a daily basis now , downloading it over and over is not fun . any suggestions ? forest has really helped me in keeping distractions to a minimum and maintaining focus . update : i 'm still facing the same issue : weary_face : . help a girl out .
i really loved the app but after using it once , it does not launch and keeps crashing . i have tried reinstalling but it only works the first time i open it , then later i ca n't open it ( keeps crashing ) . i use a samsung m30 , if that helps .
the app is good . but ive few complains . sometimes i need to use the web browser but i cant open it since it would wither my tree . so thats a hassle . and also make 1 tree for one hour .
hey , i downloaded the app and paid for the premium because i saw a memo in a box . it said if i `` unlocked premium '' i 'd get 7000 coins ... which i have yet to see in my app balance . i only have 116 coins and it is asking me to pay more to receive any coins . what gives ? : thinking_face :
ever since the new update that came out today i have not been able to use forest . every time i try opening the app is says forest has stopped . is there any way to fix this ?
it was working well but after sometime it was experiencing crashes and wo n't open .. really disappointed .. but still i am downloading it again hope it 'll not do the same
when we install this app and use for the first time , it works perfectly.but next day when you try to open this app , it gets stopped.i tried multiple of time and no improvmnt
the app keeps stopping repeatedly . it would be helpful if the same is resolved .
hi there , this app really helps me a lot in keeping myself focused and restraining myself for overusing my phone . but right after updating the app , i was unable to open the app again , please fix this problem as soon as possible , thanks !
awesome helps me to stay focused and does n't let me to open any other app while studying : ) ) but after using sometimes i ca n't open the app only i even restart my phone but it is not working : ( : sad_but_relieved_face : :tired_face :
i love the concert ... and it helps me for studies ... but it works good for a day ... when i open it on the next day .... it crashes again and again .... please fixed it ..... it helps me for studies ....
it keeps crashing just when i paid premium ! devs pls help me . i really wan na use this app . as soon as i open it , it crashes and end abruptly . i am hoping for your quick response . thank you
it worked amazing for the first few months and then i decided to go premium . after using it for a couple of months , i started experiencing problems like it just freezes and does n't respond . please fix it
the idea is great , but it does n't help me with my goals . the thing is : i have to use it on silent and facedown , so others notifications ( and lights ) do n't bother me . here lies the problem : when the time runs out , the app does n't vibrate ... cause of that i have to constantly check the hour , which is not good at all for me . i 'm using a galaxy s7 . edit- see , that 's the prob . i did everything in the answer , except turn off the silent mode ... as i said , there 's no use for me if i have to do that ! tks anyway .
so it 's a good app . two things : 1. sometimes i 'll get back on after a really long session and my tree will have died for no reason . when i check the button that tells you , it 's just a random app that i had n't opened that day . its happened several times and it makes me really sad so please fix this . 2. i ca n't get the app to let me access any other apps . sometimes i will use it for homework so i do n't get side tracked but i ca n't open a calculator without sacrificing the life of my tree . i wish you could select apps that would be okay to stay on . please fix these two things and i will give you 5 stars for sure ! ! !
i genuinely think it is great , but i feel like there are still a lot of features that still can be improved . one of them is the whitelist feature . i bought the premium version in app , but i am not satisfied with it . the reason for that is the whitelist give to much leniency when planting trees . i plant the trees for various different reasons such as studying , excersising , relaxing , etc . however , i need some apps to be available in certain activity while unavailable in others . my suggestion is to apply different whitelists for different tags of activities . this will surely help me to be less distracted by other apps during a certain activity . i hope this improvement will be made and if so , i will gladly changed my ratings of the app .
the app is absolutely amazing , but with the loss of the whitelist feature , i ca n't set apps to be allowed to switch to . i do * not * want to pay extra for a feature that used to be free . especially since i use my phone for most tasks through the day and i like having the ability to allow those apps to be opened workout killing the tree . also , the tree dies when you get a call now , or when replying to notifications , which i used to be able to fix with the whitelist , but i 'm just left with a ton of withered trees now .
its only been one hour and it is working so far done one hour of work and did not touch my phone only time will tell lol
it 's cool but now i ca n't use other apps as i used to . so i have to delete the app cause i always use many different apps while studying . that 's sad
ca n't load
i like the idea of this app . i already purchase the pro version . but , some blacklisted app still unable to wither the tree when i open it from notification , such as line and whatsapp . also , when i opened game , there is no floating banner that warn me to go back to the forest app .
the app keeps stopping repeatedly . it would be helpful if the same is resolved .
good
good
when i actually use chrome to study coz i downloaded books
i love this app but i wish free users could do more without a membership . like at least they could be able to see the leaderboard ... : //
the app keeps stopping and crashes suddenly . i dont unders why .
this app is amazing but after one day when i try to open it , it will just go back to my phone home screen . when i uninstall it then install it again , it will work but i will lose my forest and after a day it wo n't work again . please fix this issue , i really love this app besides that issue i 'm facing .
bought premium version of the app but the whitelist fuction not working well as the tree is n't be killed when i use app i 'm not supposed to
well i like the app and it truly helps me stay focused , combined with some time restriction methods it 's good ( although those ones are short times plus breaks ) , achievements are boring and not good enough , they try to make you pay for extra , but the app itself is not exciting enough to pay , the achievements are not really worth it and it 's hard to unlock new trees even with pro version . no new campaigns are launched & collecting coins is not an easily achievable task , too hard to get new trees .
reduced one star because there is a pro version .. 5 stars rated when there is another pros version ? ? it cant be , right ? reduced for another star because i suggest that you should have a 'pause session ' , check it out from the study bunny .
it keeps crashing on my phone . pleas do something about it
please add group feature ! : ) not growing trees with friends but like a study group that shows everyone who is currently studying with you on the screen ...
it 's really motivating and would be perfect but it does n't notif if your phone is locked . you 'll only know that the time is done when you check the app , only then does it vibrate and notify you . i 've followed all the instructions but it still does n't properly notif when locked . have to look for a new app : (
so great : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
this was a great app for productivity but it was initially difficult to navigate through . once i figured it out it still took a bit of time to set up and keep track to . if you 've used baby of these , this interface is beautiful but it takes some time getting used to the input and progress .
run time exception , ca n't use the app .
the app is very good , but it keep crashing from time to time and i have to reinstall the app . please look into this
kinda good
nice app but ca n't pay
it might be great if i can join online room by not type a code maybe i can found a new friend who has focus time like me .
i like the idea , but does no one else have serious concerns about privacy ? yes , the required permission to monitor your usage of other apps seems reasonably well-motivated by the stated purpose of classifying your phone usage as focused vs unfocused phone . but on further consideration , that ' actually a ton of information to sign away in exchange for growing some digital trees . i 'll just stick to a simple timed alarm until i see some assurance that our usage data is n't being sold to 3rd parties .
i just want a star coral6
cute , :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
great , i just wish i can move it to another device with out having to by it again
i am pro user please add more music
so far cool ! great app
the app is really good , but after some time it keeps stopping ! i reinstalled it two times and the third time also , the problem persists . i was forced to uninstall it finally .
it 's really cute and motivating . but what i 'm missing , would be an option to set a tree to be planted at a specific time .
i have a moto e 1st gen and i updated forest app using google play . result . forest app gets a crash everytime i try to use it . fix the bug . it runs android kitkat .
font too small
love it !
yas
why does n't it turns off my message notification
the app keep crashing , i reinstalled twice and still crash . one day after installed it wo n't open
it helps tho , but i ca n't access premium account even if i had enough load credits in my phone network .
please fix the crash .
good concept , works fine , helps to avoid phone addiction . but the problem with this app is that it crashes everytime when updated . several times i installed and then uninstalled it . that led to loss of data and time . tried your way , not available in my device . problem still persists .
it is a very good app for staying focused while studying , but the problem i 'm facing now is that the music keeps stopping at random intervals and i have to unlock the phone to keep the music playing . please look into this otherwise it 's a great app .
helps me stop touching my phone it helps me stop touching my phone . however , there is not much thrill in planting the tree . you can not select where the tree is going to grow , and eventhough there are number of other trees , it cost so much and earn so little from planting it makes it so boring . it can get quite dissapointing
the only problem i have is that a lot of content in the app including the information and payment gateway regarding premium version is not in english . if i ca n't understand the terms and conditions or whatever i am clicking how will get the correct information about the purchase . kindly provide all information regarding pro version in complete english 'only ' .
i like this app , but recently it keep crashes , i have already update to the latest version and it still keeps doing that , i ca n't even open the app ... please help . thank you .
this app used to be brilliant . it then began to function regardless of whether you were using your phone or not- essentially just becoming a basic timer . and then now the timer fails and kills trees when youre not using your phone . i just planted a tree only for it to die 20 seconds after when my phone locked .
hi , i liked the concept very much , unfortunately the design really bothered me : the different trees are not in the same drawing style and they do n't fit together ... just hated seeing them next to each other .
great app as it really helped me to focus on my schoolwork . however , lately my tree has been killed by calendar alerts though i have not switched to other apps while the tree is growing . i have turned on the advanced detection option within the setting of the app but the problem still exists .
please make the android navigation bar match the app . the area with the back , home , recents buttons on non samsung phones .
kindly add daily focus time feature when we open monthly or yearly focus.daily focus time is available in many free pomodoro apps.i dono why it is npt available even in paid version .
this app keeps crashing on my samsung galaxy s8 , kindly fix this bug because otherwise i love the app and the idea , it really helps me with me being productive
is not simple . difficult to use . try to make easyyyyyy .
i wanted to ask if we receive any coins if we plant trees for a long period of time . because when i planted a tree for 2 hours i did n't receive any coins . is this intentional or a bug ?
the photos that described what the app was about made it seem like the whitelist was just part of the app . edit : what ? ? ? what kind of a responce is that ?
nog that bad
this is a good app
after unlocking the tree with sufficient coins the tree is not changing and irt remains fixed in green colour
generally a useful app , i 've found using a visual reminder to stay focused has helped and working toward unlocking new plants was fun . i found the recent increase in cost to unlock plants demotivating and i 've been using the app less since it happened .
i am kind of sad that we are not able to choose where to put the tree on the terraine : ( other than that , the app seems great ! ! also would be interesting to have the actual forest overview as a widget on your display : flexed_biceps :
it was great for 1 day ! i cant open it ! a waste of time ! i need to uninstall and download it again for it to work for just 1 freaking day ! dont download !
when the screen goes off and you on your phone but did not press into an app , the tree will be killed and waste your efforts . a lot of features are also locked and only premium which does n't help with productivity . the achievements sector of the app can not be seen and the tress dies without reasons
most of the trees and species are not cute enough
i had my progress save on another phone , is there no way to get it transferred to my new one ?
i 've been using this app for a long time and i love it ! however , recently , it has been weirdly buggy and my trees die from things like `` samsung health '' as well as snapchat notifications ! even when i do n't even look at them , the notifications kill the tree !
very nice
how to name the tree that ive plant ?
era pra poder criar conta e salvar o progresso mesmo sem pagar : (
i really like the paid version of the app , the only request i would have is i use this app for pomodoro ( 25 min bursts ) during the work week and i miss having the full tree image . is there a settings option to change this ?
they need money for whitelist and great feature which is not good .. although its great app
nice
why is it so unstable ? !
nice idea
this app was very helpful up until the last update where they inexplicably took away the `` lock forest to stay in foreground '' feature . as of right now it 's basically useless , but the support staff is great and said they were hoping to bring back the feature ! so other than that it would be 5-stars . do n't change the feature that keeps people off their phones
i can say this is a nice app ! i often see this app on so many study videos . but i just start to use this app now and when i plant the tree , i can still open other apps and the tree did n't die ... please help
i really like this app ! however , it does n't force keep the trees growing in the foreground anymore , unless you give the app access to almost everything on your phone ( you basically have to give it root access , and even then it 's not guaranteed to work ) . the security risk is n't worth it to me : (
not able to show the notification after the time is up . also , it is not able to function well on counting the exceeded time or shown incorrectly . it would be of great help if you could fix the problems . thank you : )
i hope that they could have an alarm after the rest session ends
todo bien , pero los anuncios nunca me deja verlos , y cuando lo intento varias veces dice que he excedido el limite aun sin haber visto ninguno . eso me molesta mucho y más aún habiendo pagado por la aplicación .
good
why did u guys eliminate the bushes ? now for 10 min u get a tree which does n't motivate me to focus for 25min anymore .
i kinda miss the old system where time-specific trees styles were the thing . now you can pick anything after focusing for 10 minutes . it actually takes away incentive to study / focus longer . nitpick 1 : the bracketed ( week ) has no space after the day , example monday ( week ) , instead of monday ( week ) . nitpick 2 : sharing . it would be nice to share more than just an image of the forest . perhaps some tree stats ? much like there is underneath the forest itself .
it is not working
i really like the idea of this app but it does n't function well for me . i 'm a musician and i tried using it for practise but i had to use an metronome in the phone and then the tree always dies . i wish it was possible to let it grow without having to look at it all the time . maybe also a pomodoro function ?
i 'm a premium user and i 've bought it for about 3 weeks now . however , i 've realized lately that although the timer records the amount if time i 've focused , the app doesnt record nor update my data , for example in the friends page it always says that i 've focused for 0 minutes when in reality it 's a couple hundred minutes already . please try to fix this problem . thank you !
great pomodorro -like method for staying on task with a built in reward . whitelisting was free at first , they should 've kept it free and added * other desireable features they could 've offered at a price .
love the app , but i just purchased the pro version and my generate your personal flower event gift wo n't appear in the trees i can use . it says i still need to purchase it , but then i ca n't purchase it either because the store saya i already have .
i really like the idea of this app , however you'rer not allowed to use lot of useful features unless you pay ! and that 's upsetting : /l
it 's ok but new trees are way too expensive , and only few change their form with the time passing . you can also pay with app-coins to buy sounds which are available all over the internet , including other apps . i would love for the developers to add new features tho !
originally had it at 5 stars but every time i study now my friends list is completely innacurate . it wo n't show the correct amount of hours i 've studied for on my friends list , e.g . today i 've done 70 minutes but it comes up as 20. very annoying .
good
its crashes all the time so help me in this case
i love love love the app and ever since i bought the pro version i 've had it running in the background and was still able to access other apps i use for studying . the problem is ... i ca n't access the store where you can buy various different trees . so all i 'm stuck with are the defaults and the wisteria tree i redeemed . five stars if you can fix this problem .
i would love to buy trees but even though i have the coins i get told i do n't have enough . that is rather frustrating . but it is great to set goals and make it so you can not be distracted by texts and emails .
great concept . store does n't open though it needs fixing .
i 'm using the premium version.recently it stop updating the total time focused by itself when comparing with other friends .
i like this app but i give only 3 stars because i am unable to bye new plants , whenever i go to store to bye new plants it always load , loading never stops and , so i was always unsuccessful to bye new plants . please make any solution for this problem so then i can give you 5 stars
the app works only if you do not press `` clear all apps '' while the app runs . the moment you clear , you can shuffle between other apps and use it as long as you dont reopen the forest app . the app starts running again , once you open it and it blocks other apps . this needs to be fixed !
i love this app so far , but i can not access the store to buy more trees and plants ? which is a huge bummer , i love all the special little guys that need to be unlocked .
after the new update i can not plant the new tree ( real tree )
note 10 plus - buffering issues . timeline feature and the coin `` + '' sign cause the app to go into buffer mode . so those features eventually are unavailable .
amazing app ! : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : i love the concept of combining productivity and rewards together . the feeling of satisfaction and joy is just thrilling after your time is up and you successfully planted a cute tree . only thing that is n't working for me is that the page for buying trees is n't loading . i ca n't see the trees i want to buy and there 's an error whenever i want to buy a sound . to sum it up , i ca n't buy trees or sounds . please fix this bug as i want to unlock more trees .
i do enjoy this app , but it looks and functions terribly on anything but a mobile aspect ratio . i 'm attempting to use this for chromeos , on a pixelbook , but the app is unable to run in windowed mode or resize in landscape mode properly . i am also a pro-user , but the app lacks pro functions . there is no pause feature to be found on either the android or chrome extension and deleting records costs an additional 60 coins .
it 's really a great app and good concept to cure phone addiction . but i 've some ideas for making it more interesting . introduce forest customization options- like a real forest . add animals , cascades etc . anyway great work guys !
frequent crashes .
the app is good . but ive few complains . sometimes i need to use the web browser but i cant open it since it would wither my tree . so thats a hassle . and also make 1 tree for one hour .
i wish i could use whitelist for free , because i live in iran and ca n't pay for it
the fact that the app does not let you use other studying apps that you have on your phone or google to find information is a bit annoying . currently the only way to get around this is to collect all the information you need before turning on the app , but , that opens you up to distractions and wasting time.i feel like this app is specifically designed for reading purposes only , since i can sometimes finish homework before the timer runs out but the only way to stop the app is to kill the tree .
its refusing to open on a daily basis now , downloading it over and over is not fun . any suggestions ? forest has really helped me in keeping distractions to a minimum and maintaining focus . update : i 'm still facing the same issue : weary_face : . help a girl out .
initially i use without hesitation . but gradually it 's getting worst
very cool and helps a lot
i like the app and it works to improve my productivity , but the notifications almost never show up and the whitelist mode does n't work sometimes . i wish there was a way to change the ground color for the day/week/month , and it 's quite annoying that the flowers are as big as trees .
this one is very beautiful but its tree texture is not beautiful .
the app keeps crashing every day , and would n't open . every morning i got to reinstall it and log in again ... what 's wrong ...
hey i 've been using it pretty good . but today when i played the forest rain and locked my phone , the white noice ( : thinking_face : ) did n't work . like it has some problem . : thinking_face :
nice
приложение поиграться на неделю максимум . геймификация очень слабая . покупать платную версию не рекомендую
i missed the old tiny tree that was at before for 10 minutes of focusing , i truely missed it : broken_heart :
it is amazing app . it was working great a week ago but i do n't know why from this week it does n't count the time properly for example if i studied 4hours+ it only shows 1hour . but overall i really like to study when i use this app . i hope they fix the bug soon .
the app is lagging too much never happened before and when i try to plant it 's not planting
it allows me to leave the app . i have a techno phone . how do i fix this ? sleeptown works perfectly though .
this app really helpful to focus on your task . before i update forest for the last version , the tree always dies if i open other apps . but , after i updated the tree is still growing although i open other apps
not bad
good app , however i have upgraded to pro version yet after twice usage now i can not open forest at all . this issue also happen before i update forest . i thought upgrading to pro will prevent from this issue ( editted ) hi .. i have sent an email to the address you mention . the mail suggest me to disable the auto update , uninstall then reinstall the app . i have done it all , for two days it was okay , yet today i can not open the app anymore . just like before . the app is keep crashing .
good cool
good
hey，the idea is very good , but why do n't you let me sync my phrases ? and i ca n't login in other phones it reminded me to buy ....
want it to not let me do anything on my phone
let me try it first
i found a way around this app . i always do this , and for the longest time , forest was the app that kept me truly focused cause i dont want my trees dead , but then i found out that if i remove the app from the background while a tree is planting , i can use all phone features & id still get the tree and coins by the end of the time i put . now im just planting trees to gain coins so i can plant actual trees . can this be fixed ? i really love the app .
geht nicht mehr
i like the app and the idea . i do n't know if it 's only me but since the app is working in the background all the time and it 's a requirement from the app , the battery consumption is quite high . is there a way of fixing it ? the app is already running with locked screen , it is automatically locked . thanks !
best app
it 's a good app , but it keeps crashing .. when i use the app after a week 's time , it does n't open . i 've had to reinstall it multiple times please fix it
great , but why i 'm able to open and prolong operate any app immediately after assigning timer . then after using 3 to 4 apps , `` forest `` gets to know that i 'm using other apps and reminds me about my distraction ....... so late ! ! please fix this problem otherwise it 's a great application for controling phone distraction .
its a good app but it stopped working on my phone and i have already paid the amount what to do ?
why does it require access to photos and media ?
when we install this app and use for the first time , it works perfectly.but next day when you try to open this app , it gets stopped.i tried multiple of time and no improvmnt
honestly , this app is not so bad but , everytime i check other apps , my tree does n't die , except if i close all the cards of my phone . however , i think it 's a very good app to stop to use too much your mobile phone , but i 'd like more changes .
awesome helps me to stay focused and does n't let me to open any other app while studying : ) ) but after using sometimes i ca n't open the app only i even restart my phone but it is not working : ( : sad_but_relieved_face : :tired_face :
good
interrupting buzzing . the app makes a buzzing noise while i use it . first one long silence , interrupted by a buzz , short silence , then buzz before a long silence
love it
the app is excellent in it 's working . however , it crashes frequently , making me uninstall and reinstall it . typically i think it happens if i open the app after a few days , without closing it properly ( forcing it to go in the background ) .
force stopped when a plant completed on mi8lite .
the guide to take the notifications off literally just shows for vivo , oppo ( i do n't even know what these are ) , huawei and xiaomi phones , there 's no guide for simply android or iphone
i need help , the tree does not die if i leave the app . maybe because i have a razer phone 2 ?
it always crashh
great app . gives me the motivation to do the work and have a little garden of my own . but lately it doesnt want to start . crashes as soon as i click on it . please do something .
even though the app is good enough but it isnt free when i started the timer it was asking me too pay : crying_face : :crying_face :
it was working well but after sometime it was experiencing crashes and wo n't open .. really disappointed .. but still i am downloading it again hope it 'll not do the same
good .. but i ca n't plant another type of trees : expressionless_face : i unlock trees but it ca n't be planted
good application
achievements are not loading anymore
ummmm the app still runs even if i open another app ! ! !
helpful
it is a good app .
i purchased the pro version but i changed my phone , so the app says that i have to purchase to log in . what should i do ?
can you add more than 2 hours ?
hi i enjoyed the app but now it 's crashing each time i try to open it and i have to reinstall it . i would n't mind of it was the first time but this is like the fourth time it 's happening . mind looking into it ?
there are some bugs in the latest version that i have n't had before . it 's always lagging and nothing is loading in the app .
the app is amazing ... but my leave the app feature is not working cause i want whenever i leave the app the tree should wither ... but that 's not happening ..... help !
this app is good , but it will be extra good if the developer put an option to continous timing for focus . i believe there should not be any kind of limit like 10 min . remove it or give an option to set custom time in hour and minute .
ok
too many features are premium and that 's kinda annoying , still like the app though
there 's a bug that makes the app crash in the newest update . please fix this asap !
it 's such a great app , but i ca n't receive any notifications of planting reminder
good
i allowed it to do everything possible and it did n't tell me to give in my email . so now i ca n't play the game because an email was n't sent to me . : angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face :
very nice
this app has been very helpful in the past . i have n't enjoyed the most recent update , though . hence the 3 stars . if i close the forest app so it 's not an open tab , it does n't send me back to the forest anymore . i have n't changed any permissions , it 's all exactly the same . it allows me to bypass the system , which is n't helpful at all . please figure it out with the next update . i would like my forest app back
does n't do anything until you take the premium membership
ok
เป็นapp ที่ทำให้มีสมาธิในการอ่านหนังสือมากขึ้นแต่แอพเด้งบ่อย อยากให้ปรับปรุงและพัฒนาต่อนะคะ
it crashes everytime i open it whenever i go one day without using it
right after installing , i noticed that whitelisting apps is such an important and basic feature which you made available only for premium users . this is such a ridiculous decision for a `` google play editor 's choice app '' that im not even gon na bother trying your app any more than 1 minute . - update : no it 's unacceptable that your development team did n't predict the flow of new installations and did n't include any kind of trial period , but fine i 'll up my rating to 3 neutral .
i have been using forest since 2017 and had collected over 3000 coins . unfortunately my phone got stolen and i had to buy a new one . now when i reinstalled the app it 's saying that i need to start collecting again and to log in i need a premium account which i have never had . how can i get my points back ? thank you .
kept on crashing . have been installing and uninstalling a few times and still kept crashing .
good idea and work i would like to give it 5 stars if you solve my problem im using asus zenfone 3 max and app not able to detect my usage of other apps and plant never withers even if i close the app i give every permission it demands but it still continues im pro version user by the way
tbh i like this app , when i installed for first time but now this app always force close : sleepy_face :
real : party_popper : ly good
initially the app worked really well but now it is not opening and i dnt know what to do . i also tried clearing the data bt the issue still remains .
it really helps in focusing but there is this premium thing so i can not do many stuff . i think you have to pay or get the premium thing to plant trees in real life but i like how there 's this different kind of trees and stuff like it has music ! !
please help ! ! the app keeps crashing after some automatic update . it refuses to open after the crash . have to reinstall it everytime until it crashes again . have done this the 6th time . being a pro user i get to sign in and retrieve the data , but still loses lot of time and momentum doing all this installing and reinstalling thing after each crash . btw amazing app helped me focus and have goals in life !
phone/computer sync could be improved . also does n't have a timer for your rest between pomodoros .
it keeps crashing just when i paid premium ! devs pls help me . i really wan na use this app . as soon as i open it , it crashes and end abruptly . i am hoping for your quick response . thank you
i love using forest as a timer when i study , however there is the ethical issue that you ca n't plant real trees unless you have premium . this really frustrates me because they took an opportunity to help the environment and turned it into an opportunity to make money . i understand that they need the money from buying premium to plant the trees , but it feels like they are making people feel guilty in order to sell premium to them . thank you for the response , i appreciate you taking the time .
ever since the new update that came out today i have not been able to use forest . every time i try opening the app is says forest has stopped . is there any way to fix this ?
how to equip those new purchased trees ? ? ? ? ? ?
good !
love the app ! ! but since the update , it closes every time i try to access the store
can improve if u can add to do list
nice
helps me to stay focused ♡
if i leave the app nothing happened . : woman_shrugging :
it 's good but app keep crushing after exit from the app and i reenter : loudly_crying_face :
this app is really good but i have a major issue with it . it helps you focus , not to get distracted but sometimes i need to a calculator or google or a dictionary i ca n't because my tree will die ! ! so i need to exit the app ( the tree is still growing ) and then i can access google or what not please let the app access certain apps if possible .
i 've used this app before and i like it . the only issue is there are no breaks , it 's kind of difficult to study and have no breaks .
perfect to temporarily `` forget '' my phone
this app is great ! i 've used it for a year now , but i find that the app was preferable prior to the update . i really do n't like that the plant only changes or `` evolves '' with at least 60 minutes . now it feels like anything under that does not matter . if i focus for 10 minutes or 50 minutes makes no difference in the app , which is a little demotivating . please consider changing this . other than that , phenomenal app .
the app idea is great on itself . however , there are too many options blocked behind the pro version which one would think are basic : whitelist and exporting the progress ( changing phones makes all the progress be lost ) . moreover , although not essential , some free achievements would also be nice , even if they do n't give any coins . i 'm willing to change my rating if i see any of those changes , since like i said , the app is quite good already ( free version feels like less than a free trial ... )
i love this app so much , i 've had it for almost a week and i 've only found one bad thing about it . it 's absolutely adorable and it 's helped me stay off my phone and make it fun to do so . the problem i 've had is that when i get video chat requests from instagram my trees die but i fixed it by muting video chat requests . overall it 's super fun : )
i like this app and i use it everyday for studying and reaching the amount of time i wan na stay focused on my works that need to be done , everything is great but i really wish there were an option for us to choose the apps that we need during doing our works and tasks , i 've study apps and websites i need to use but i ca n't because of this limit , therefore i wo n't plant trees , i wish you could give us options about the apps we wan na use and the ones we don't.it 's rly a problem . please fix this ! tnx
after the latest update , the forest has been removed . coin count and tree purchase history is up-to-date , but the entire forest is gone . synchronization does not fix the issue . i did not reinstall app as per the in-app warning not to . what the hell ? update : after two weeks issue was fixed
really helpful app , but there 's one problem . you can leave the app by clicking the home button and your tree keeps growing while you do other stuff on your phone , which means it does n't really prevent you from leaving the app . hope this is fixed because i really like this !
a beautiful app but .. i would love an option where you dont have to set a time , you just put it on and watch the trees grow as you work and come back to your phone an hour or two hours , whenever youre done ! i also found that trees die if i dont come back fast enough after my timer expires ? like if i set my timer for 1 hour and i come back in 2 ill find the tree died , thats weird , is that a bug on my end ? beautiful app guys , i love it but those things above would have me using it more !
its a really good app and it motivates me to get my work done ! ! ! thank you so much for making this app ! ! ! the only problem is that yu have to pay for the whitelist because there are times when i need to surf the web while doing my work and i ca n't do that so maybe you could remive whitelist from premium ? its a great app but sometimes i ca n't work with it due to the premium . thanks once again for the great app ! ! !
i love the app ! it 's a great way to stay focused , especially with all the quarantining going on . however , i have one issue with this app : the ambient noises you can play do n't loop properly , and become glitchy if you let them play for too long .
the app idea is great , but the actual app is kinda slow and a bit confusing to get around . the concept is very simple , yet the user interface is way too complex and has many features that i bet nobody really uses . less buttons , more trees .
the app is good .. but we can overide this by changing the system time manually to future .. ideally after turning on the time the app should n't hv allowed to change the screen , even to home screen or settings screen .. then this could have been perfect . but android system may not allow to do so ..
i am quite liking this app.i could stay more focused than before.but o flaw that i met in this app is that u can not pause the time . people may have to do something else or something important but then they have to give up and go to that work which results in whithering of one plant . maybe you could provide a pause button but also take a note that if anyone hits press and opens any other app , it should automatically stop . please keep that in mind .
i really like this app especially the natural noises . it makes me feel so calm .. but for some reason even though i made the app `` on '' in the settings it still asks me to do so ... it 's nothing really ... really recommend it .
i love this app a lot but it keeps closing everytime i try to use it after a couple of inactive days . it have to keep uninstalling and installing it . please fix this problem soon ! ! i really enjoy this app !
this app is really usefull but i did n't figure so far how to set the app to wiyher my trees whenever i exit it/ use other apps while planting . i saw a set of instructions but nine were helpful for the samsung device i posses . i need to say i really except an answer that can help me solve my problem
this app is cute and a great option to just setting a timer when working/studying . however , several times i have gotten a wilted tree just because some other app sent me notifications when i myself did not touch my phone . : (
very good app the only thing is that the minimum time is ten minutes and a lot of times i want to concentrate for five minutes . otherwise , really cute and it works correctly .
i love the app so i decided to install it again to keep up with school work , it works amazing but my screen is very dark , my phone brightness is all the way up but the app isnt bright but instead very dark . this has never happened before . how do i fix this ?
i am using pro version and its pretty well organised applicatiom among its competitors . but my suggestion is that please make a significant difference in tree for varioua time period . for example most of tree looks same at evry time period
the app is good but in the over view section , even though i have focused for 45 minutes or some hour straight , it always show the data as 2 different phases . example-》45minutes=21minute then 24 minute .
the app concept is so great.it drives people to work on.but there is an issue when i try to remove withered trees.i click on watch ad to remove , then it opens an ad but suddenly disappears the ad and it does n't remove my wethered trees .
it 's a good app , but has some errors , if a close the app , a can use every app of my phone for example , it will be more fun if one can interactore with the forest play with it or change the form idk .
very good app for focus , has helped me on more than one occasion . i will say though , the audio it plays , if you choose to play it , sometimes glitches out on my galaxy s9 . it will sometimes just shut off and refuse to play even when my volume is on and the sound option is on . otherwise though , its a very good focus app , great for people like me who get easily distracted by their phones .
forest is a gamification of the pomodoro technique . it 's more helpful than other pomodoro-type apps . the vibration notification is too long and loud . otherwise an excellent app .
this is a great app ... helps me a lot ... but i have 2 problems : 1.the app does n't give notifications on time when the time is up ..... it used to give proper notifications before ... but for the past 2 weeks it does n't sound on time . 2. another problem is that i 'm not getting the coins i earned ! sometimes when the notification does n't come ( as described above ) i do n't get any coins and the timer resets itself without awarding me my coins . i request you to fix these 2 problems as soon as possible !
i really love the app ! but i have one suggestion though , i hope you make the trees animated so users can have a better experience and enjoy their forest more ! nevertheless , this app is : bomb :
best pomodoro app . there 's only two things that i 'd wish they included . 1 . ) i wish they allowed portrait mode so i can have my phone propped up sideways . 2 . ) could you guys please allow this app to take up the whole screen so i do n't get distracted by notification icons or the time ?
my mother was saying your maximum time limit was two hours with the phone.but i always did more . this app allowed me to stay focused on something else really recommend it .
a great way to keep myself focused . i enjoy the different tree options and seeing the forests i grow every day . good way to measure my producticity levels too .
the idea is great . i 've used it many times to stay focused and stay on task . i enjoy the fact that you can write lil bios of on your trees . however , the app would be tremendously more useful if i were able to restrict certain apps for a period of time rather than not using my phone at all . i still want to use certain apps , like music and reading apps , rather than not having access to my phone at all .
nothing is ideal , but this app helped me to write a song and make my own project . it 's funny , that same time i grow a beautiful garden . thanks )
okay i think it 's kinda working now but the only one suggestion . i 'm not sure if it 's like this on every phone or just mine , but i remember the old version used to automatically bring you back to the growing tree as soon as you attempt to open an app , but now it only send notification preview to the notification bar instead . if the developer did change it , i wish they would bring the old style back . i need a bit of forcing lol
it is really a useful app and i liked it , but i have a proplem that my tree does n't die when i leave the app . it actually blocks me from using apps , but when i remove it from the background ( tapping the right button and remove it by scrolling up ) , i can open any app and forest stops working . what i want exacly is to make my tree die when i leave forest and never be able to use apps when i try to do so during focusing time . please tell me if there is any solution for this and thank you so much .
it 's good overall . it has a variety of cute options for trees . i had some issues with an alarm i 'd forgotten about going off from another app & causing a tree to die unless i watched an ad . it takes a long time to get enough coins to buy other trees . there is n't a formula available to estimate how long it would take . discouraging . i liked the idea that was posted about having animals get drawn to healthy forests over time . i wanted pro several times , but do n't trust myself with whitelist .
i had a great experience but i gave 4 stars because the time is only for 25 minutes and again we have to open our phone to set a new timer and get distracted .. the best thing abt this app is that it has very relaxing sounds that help us to focus and concentrate on anything which we do ... i would be really happy if u increase the timer to 1 or 2 hrs ... thanks
i love this app so much ! it helps me stay focused and on task while i 'm in class and at home studying . i recommend this for any student struggling to put down the phone and focus on school ! the reward system is amazing and i can wait to unlock more plants as i progress . as a nature lover , i live for the idea of helping out the real life environment aswell , which is an amazing feature of this app . the only down side is that it sometimes crashes , which is frustrating but i can get past that .
it 's a great concept to get work done or take a break from the phone . it would be nice if there was an option to time yourself and grow a tree while doing work on the phone itself like working on google docs for instance ... if the app allows you to identify some work apps and use only those while the tree grows .
thanks for the tech support ! the app was n't working properly before , but now it runs fine . the only probkem is that when i press the home button , the tree does n't die and the ambient sounds still play like the app is still open . but it 's fine because the tree will die if i go into any another app .
it 's not a bad concept at all , and i 'm happy it helps in real life too ... but i was excited for the whitelist feature and it 's only available for purchase . most of the work i do involves other apps so i wont use it often at all . for those who do n't need other apps it 's a great thing to have . i 'll use it when i 'm reading , doing homework that 's not online , etc . just wish i could do more .
i love this app ! it helps me to stay focused while studying , or to not use my phone when i 'm around other people .
kinda wish price tiers were n't so high but that 's not that big of a deal . i guess premium is better but i ca n't get that at the moment so eh . actually i do have one complaint . i do n't think syncing forest from the chrome extention to your phone should require the premium version . that 's just me though
was great earlier , but stopped functioning after the update ! ! i guess it is not compatible with some android devices . this is really bad.people out there are shifting to an alternative app called focus plant . would really appreciate if all devices are supported.edit : working now-for those whos tree is not dying , go to settings and disable the option-lock forest to stay in foreground.developer pls note .
it is an app with a good concept in mind . only have to spend $ 1 to start putting your time to planting real trees . the downside is that you have a limit of planting only 5 trees . after i reached my limit , i started to lose motivation to use the app just to plant virtual trees .
honestly l o v e this app already and i 've only had it for , like , 30 minutes but there seems to be a small bug after the timer finishes . i do n't know if it 's intentional but the pop up that gives you coins just keeps ... popping up ? i get 10 coins , i press `` okay '' then another pop up comes , giving me another 10 coins . it does n't end until i have to remove the app from my history . despite that this is an amazing app for studying : red_heart :
i love this app very much but i 've been having trouble recently with it . after a single use , it keeps shutting off by itself . apparently , it shows me an error that i 've not downloaded the latest version of it even though i have and even after deleting and reinstalling it back , it keeps glitching . i do n't know what to do d :
amazing app , keeps me off my phone when i need to be productive , but , it 's been having some glitches lately . i 've been trying to open it and it just opens itself and closes again . it only works if i uninstall it and then install it again . hope to see this issue fixed .
i really like the idea and it does help me with staying focused , but reminder notifications do n't always pop up . it 's also a bit slow at times when loading a new screen , and some screens look a bit dated but it 's fine . anyways i love the feature of being able to plant real trees , i 'm looking forward to plant one !
it 's a great app to stay focused but sometimes i use my phone to go on google or use google translate or dictionary and other things that i need to do my work . i think the app should let us choose which apps can be an exception because phones are sometimes very important in doing our work . restrict only games and social media .
i love this app : red_heart : ! i would , however , like if you could add something more to make the app feel even more polished and more peaceful . for instance : animals that wonder around your forest and the healthier the forest the more animals come or you could move your trees and add rivers . worth the $ 2.00 for premium . very good for big groups to focus . i love the store and the fact that you can buy different trees to grow , get different sounds , and music .
overall i love the app but with the most recent update i 'm experiencing an issue where it appears trees cost more coins than they display . for instance , i can not purchase a 600 coin tree with 673 coins because i do n't have enough coins . also last night i had 1272 coins and bought a 600 coin tree , bringing my balance down to 501. if this could be fixed , i 'd love to go to 5 stars . i literally use this app all the time .
really great tool helps me to know what do i spend my most time doing and i strongly recommend it to everyone . it would be a better experience if they could add a feature to give me the freedom to organize my own forest and change the way my trees are put
its a productive app.helps me to have my focus off the phone.the concept of planting variety of plants and trees eventually having a beautiful virtual forest of yours ( i 'm using the free version ) is outstanding.not to mention the ambient sound feature ( not explored yet ) .i 'm happy to find this app . suggestions : add more varieties of plants , trees & decoratives in the store.also , add animals in the store , it will bestow in users the idea of having wildlife in their virtual forest . thank you
it really helps me being productive , but maybe you could make it more worth it to continue after the time has ran out ? like get more money or a medal or something because personally i feel like doing more than you planned should be rewarded .
3/5 cool idea , but way too many adds - opposite of making someone `` focus '' edit 4.5/5 ( after purchasing pro v ) pretty good . i wish there was a way to adjust the time goal to be something else other than 25 min . or instead of trees being different at 60 min , 1.5 hrs . etc . some trees shld be diff at 40 min , 50 min etc .
hello ! i love the app as the tree is cute and creative . however my tree does n't die when i press the homescreen button for forest . it does n't die when i leave the app and go to another app . what i want is the tree to die when i leave the app so that i can increase my focus and productivity in doing work . help please ?
the app is awesome . really wish you could tag and name trees before you plant them . that would be a nice quality-of-life change . also , if you could make the app more compatible for chromebooks , that would be nice too . chromebooks are excellent work computers and i need a good working app on it . i really hope forest can work in the future .
awesome app , really . especially for students managing their time . my friend actually introduced it to me and i would be glad that we could view each others ' profil without using the pro thing . like , we can remain focuse together even if we do n't live near each other .
i 'd assume the preferred behavior is for user to focus for longer periods than shorter periods . but the rewards are exact opposite , i 6 coins for two 10 minute sessions but only 5 for one 20 minute session . your point system must change .
i love the white noise feature . it helps me stay focused on the task at hand .
i really love this app ! it has really nice plants and gives you rewards too ! the only thing that i do n't like is that now when you exit the forest app , it does n't force you to come back . last year , in 2019 , i experienced that when i exited the app , it would force me to come back . pls fix this
i love what this app is doing and what they are attempting to achieve but at times when i try and double my coins , it does not get added to the overall total . it 's a small thing but i hate watching adds just to not receive the reward . : person_shrugging :
this app is very helpful for me to cut back from phubing and spend time staying focused for as long as i wish . there 's only the problem of the crashing of this app oftentimes . please do fix it . and thank you : heart_suit : .
i 've had this app for a while and i love it . but after the last update it has n't notified me that my time is up . the tree is planted but my phone does n't go off . all the notifications it could have are turned on , so i do n't know why this is . help , please ?
i really like the app , it has really helped me focus on study and work without distraction . i love unlocking new trees from the coins you earn , but i wish there were a little less expensive . overall a really great free app !
this app is a bit laggy sometimes but overall i have gotten alot of help from this app especially during my exams . it helps you stay focused . as the name suggests you have to build a forest and the more focused you are the bigger your forest gets . it is a really fun app .
really great ! i have trouble staying focused on my studies but this had me studying uninterrupted for hours on end . i live all the great designs but i just wish there was more options for the start up pack for the trees and the ambiance music but overall brilliant !
love this app , it helps me stay focused . easy to use and also love seeing my forest !
i use it a lot and it really helps with my concentration . the timer is slightly slower than actual time though , so if you want to know the exact time you worked for check your clock before and after
i love this app .... it helped me improve my lifestyle .... nd made me a better more mature version of myself ... the only gripe is that plz allow us to whitelist some apps .... like i know it 's there in the premium version but at least allow like two three apps to be whitelisted .... that would help us so much
i really loved it as i studied my plant would grow just the problem was that if i wanted to unlock a package of grow real trees or get knowlage about trees i had to purchase it that is why i have a problem in the app . well if the app is for studying then why are you have made a purchase deal i do n't think this is fair . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : pls try to get rid of this purchase
amazing app ! i just wish that non-premium members could have an account so we could save our forests that we 've already planted over the years , the trees we bought , and the coins we have/had .
love this app so much ! ! it 's helped me so much over th years to get university work and school work down , but i do wish that trees did n't cost as much : (
easy to use , effective and fun . ca n't afford the premium though
it 's a really good app if you 're trying to focus on somethingband it 's definitely helping me with my studies for final . the satisfaction after you see that the timers up is awesome and works great if you use the reward system for focusing .
very innovative concept . it does what it claims to do reasonably well-help you focus . implementation could be better though . few very essential features are behind paywall despite the app having ads .
i really like this app , it helps me focus with my tasks and study , but hope you get rid of the messenger pop ups , i could still get notifications and able to view it without losing a plant . but overall i love it .
it would be much better if there was an option letting you categorize some apps as exceptions . for example i 'm studying and then i need to use my dictionary but i ca n't cause if i want to do it i have to give up which is a bit annoying
really nice . i just this to get ready in the morning and to focus at work . i 've not been late since i started and i 'm loving it . i do n't like that you ca n't turn the vibrate off
nice app ! but almost everything from the menu needs a premium verson to use it . at least keep the friends section as a free section , so people will get other people involved in this .
great but latest update has bugs . despite having enough coins , when i try to purchase the new weeping willow i keep getting an error saying i do n't have enough coins .
so far it is good . but however i hate it when it still lags
great help when you need to stay focused and should n't touch your phone : winking_face : since the last update , i ca n't access the shop anymore . it keeps loading and loading ...
sad that i lost all my progress when i uninstalled and reinstalled the app . also , i always get error code 2 when trying to get double coins from viewing the ad .
it 's a nice applications but it should also have a button for completing before time . give up then ends up killing the tree and hence loss of progress of the forest .
interesting .... i think ... not yet try . coming here clicking rate , and unlock a tree .
very fun and a good way to stay focused . i do recommend this app . the sounds come broken sometimes , it should be fixed .
great app but i still need a feature that the app should have a custom notification sound selection option so that i can know that notification has come from this app .
its a really good app that has helped to motivate me to revise , i just wish that you could plant real trees without having to purchase forest premium , i also like the design of the app and how easy it is to use
it 's a great app . i use it when i 'm trying to study and it helped me a lot but whenever i want to search something from google i ca n't . please do n't get me wrong . giving 4 stars
it 's very good but i 'm upset i ca n't open dictionary , calendar , gallery or even listen to . music on mobile . please check this out . ok for social media but all no : pensive_face :
such an amazing app ! really helps me focus and keep myself on track with my assignments ! only con is buying coins but you can save them up over time !
i love the app and ended up buying pro because i wanted to save my coins to plant a real tree . why is there no option to watch an advert to double coins on pro version ?
excellent look and feel . i will change my score to 5 if you add a homescreen widget to observe our forest . thank you .
this app is very helpful however i had bought this app on my apple device and just recently swapped to android and now if i want the full version of this app i have to re-purchase it to get all the facilities
this app is awesome though it hangs most of tge time after i finish growing a tree . but in overall i love it . and i hope this app will have more features in the future
really cute app and i love it . but i wish there was a feature where you can pause the timer ? take a short break then resume studying . it 'll be really nice
it was better before all the pay for features . i use it while studying and it 's very helpful
i like this app . you think that the hours spent in class and the potential to acquire a college degree would be enough ... but it is not .. only the idea of growing a virtual forest will keep me off my damn phone .
i think this app is great , only problem is , it 's very easy to close out of the app without the timer stopping and your plant dying .
it really helps me for studying and keeps me in focus . i also likes to grow many trees in my forest so i study by keeping the timer on and at the end i have studied than i thought and many beautiful trees are too grown .
very helpful for getting things done . i wish there were more white noise options but otherwise very cool
love it ! ! so helpful , works really well and is super cute . i just wish the different trees cost less coins
wonderful app ... i am really able to concentrate more now . a must try app for someone who loses focus easily .
its a pretty great app with lots of stuff do.it actually helps.i just love it and use it everyday
i just download this app and it was so cool and helpful . it helps me to stay focus and use my time wisely ..
it 's good
beautiful plants
i like that they have incorporated a lot of different plants to choose from : green_heart :
i tried to download this app , but it says not enough space.when i download any other app it installs the app immediately . i do n't understand it .
i wish there was an overnight option . i would also like if there was something to grow on a larger scale . like wonders of the world from sleepy town . except it would be geared towards nature . like growing the savannah or a swamp or a rainforest . i think it gets old too quickly . `` okay i grew four trees these past two hours '' ... again . i think it could be bigger and better . give me some themes , give me a world to build .
app is so cute < 3
awesome application
amazing app
so far i am enjoying it
nice
love this app so much ! ! it 's helped me so much over th years to get university work and school work down , but i do wish that trees did n't cost as much : (
me gusta es para quitar el vicio
nice app but pls include better sounds
awesome : thumbs_up :
very good app for focus , has helped me on more than one occasion . i will say though , the audio it plays , if you choose to play it , sometimes glitches out on my galaxy s9 . it will sometimes just shut off and refuse to play even when my volume is on and the sound option is on . otherwise though , its a very good focus app , great for people like me who get easily distracted by their phones .
amazing app for students : astonished_face : :astonished_face : :astonished_face :
nothing is ideal , but this app helped me to write a song and make my own project . it 's funny , that same time i grow a beautiful garden . thanks )
for when i keep touching my phone !
great app
i love this app a lot but it keeps closing everytime i try to use it after a couple of inactive days . it have to keep uninstalling and installing it . please fix this problem soon ! ! i really enjoy this app !
forest is a gamification of the pomodoro technique . it 's more helpful than other pomodoro-type apps . the vibration notification is too long and loud . otherwise an excellent app .
good app.useful for studies.well done guys.buddha also taught to love the nature.as buddhist ial appreciate this
the app idea is great , but the actual app is kinda slow and a bit confusing to get around . the concept is very simple , yet the user interface is way too complex and has many features that i bet nobody really uses . less buttons , more trees .
i love this app it really helps me stay focused ...
good
i love this app . it gives me purpose to keep on focusing . one suggestion : can we have full screen/ zoomed view of the forest ? ?
this app is really usefull but i did n't figure so far how to set the app to wiyher my trees whenever i exit it/ use other apps while planting . i saw a set of instructions but nine were helpful for the samsung device i posses . i need to say i really except an answer that can help me solve my problem
upgrades are really hard to afford
fun way to keep away from your phone !
very good app to focus
useful
: sparkling_heart :
i love this
希望可以开放一个正向计时的功能就好了
it 's a good app , but has some errors , if a close the app , a can use every app of my phone for example , it will be more fun if one can interactore with the forest play with it or change the form idk .
very good app the only thing is that the minimum time is ten minutes and a lot of times i want to concentrate for five minutes . otherwise , really cute and it works correctly .
good
really good ..... i can not believe my eyes ... my eyes : smirking_face : :face_with_tears_of_joy :
i am using pro version and its pretty well organised applicatiom among its competitors . but my suggestion is that please make a significant difference in tree for varioua time period . for example most of tree looks same at evry time period
very useful app helps you stay focused : slightly_smiling_face : :slightly_smiling_face : :thumbs_up :
i think its cute .
muy buena app . estoy apunto de comprar la versión plus de lo buena qué es .
noice
reall well
i love the white noise feature . it helps me stay focused on the task at hand .
i love the app ! it 's a great way to stay focused , especially with all the quarantining going on . however , i have one issue with this app : the ambient noises you can play do n't loop properly , and become glitchy if you let them play for too long .
this app is so good
fantastic
great app to be focused
nice
i love the app so i decided to install it again to keep up with school work , it works amazing but my screen is very dark , my phone brightness is all the way up but the app isnt bright but instead very dark . this has never happened before . how do i fix this ?
the app keeps crashing whenever i do n't use the app for a few days . i have to uninstall and then install again for it to work normally .
my mother was saying your maximum time limit was two hours with the phone.but i always did more . this app allowed me to stay focused on something else really recommend it .
a beautiful app but .. i would love an option where you dont have to set a time , you just put it on and watch the trees grow as you work and come back to your phone an hour or two hours , whenever youre done ! i also found that trees die if i dont come back fast enough after my timer expires ? like if i set my timer for 1 hour and i come back in 2 ill find the tree died , thats weird , is that a bug on my end ? beautiful app guys , i love it but those things above would have me using it more !
i like this app and i use it everyday for studying and reaching the amount of time i wan na stay focused on my works that need to be done , everything is great but i really wish there were an option for us to choose the apps that we need during doing our works and tasks , i 've study apps and websites i need to use but i ca n't because of this limit , therefore i wo n't plant trees , i wish you could give us options about the apps we wan na use and the ones we don't.it 's rly a problem . please fix this ! tnx
decent mate
good apps but can be add more features
this was a very useful app to make me stop using my gadgets but right now i tried to download it but i ca n't i think its because my tablet is not android 7 and up can you please support those gadgets if this is the problem ? i really want to use it again : )
amazing
helpfull .
this app is so amazing ! ! ! !
it will helo you to stay focused
it really helps me for studying and keeps me in focus . i also likes to grow many trees in my forest so i study by keeping the timer on and at the end i have studied than i thought and many beautiful trees are too grown .
so far it is good . but however i hate it when it still lags
i love this app so much , i 've had it for almost a week and i 've only found one bad thing about it . it 's absolutely adorable and it 's helped me stay off my phone and make it fun to do so . the problem i 've had is that when i get video chat requests from instagram my trees die but i fixed it by muting video chat requests . overall it 's super fun : )
its nice to when u r responsible for ur mistake ( off the track ur tree breaks ) gives guilt of wasting time on phone
a great way to keep myself focused . i enjoy the different tree options and seeing the forests i grow every day . good way to measure my producticity levels too .
good
the app is good .. but we can overide this by changing the system time manually to future .. ideally after turning on the time the app should n't hv allowed to change the screen , even to home screen or settings screen .. then this could have been perfect . but android system may not allow to do so ..
it helps me stay focused . wish you could allow certain apps that you need to use
i really love the app ! but i have one suggestion though , i hope you make the trees animated so users can have a better experience and enjoy their forest more ! nevertheless , this app is : bomb :
perfect
after the latest update , the forest has been removed . coin count and tree purchase history is up-to-date , but the entire forest is gone . synchronization does not fix the issue . i did not reinstall app as per the in-app warning not to . what the hell ? update : after two weeks issue was fixed
good app
i love the app so much ... it has improved my productivity but recently it has stopped opening .. i have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app but still it is n't working ... please try to resolve the issue at the earliest .
the statistics section needs some work
this is a great app ... helps me a lot ... but i have 2 problems : 1.the app does n't give notifications on time when the time is up ..... it used to give proper notifications before ... but for the past 2 weeks it does n't sound on time . 2. another problem is that i 'm not getting the coins i earned ! sometimes when the notification does n't come ( as described above ) i do n't get any coins and the timer resets itself without awarding me my coins . i request you to fix these 2 problems as soon as possible !
it 's relaxing , makes me focused and increased my productivity so well . i just wish that the trees wo n't cost so much coins . also , it would be so helpful if the whitelist is also available for free version users , maybe by varying the number of apps allowed in the whitelist to make it still worth buying the premium version . otherwise it 's awesome , thank you for this app !
good
easy to use , effective and fun . ca n't afford the premium though
love it : Christmas_tree :
best pomodoro app . there 's only two things that i 'd wish they included . 1 . ) i wish they allowed portrait mode so i can have my phone propped up sideways . 2 . ) could you guys please allow this app to take up the whole screen so i do n't get distracted by notification icons or the time ?
good
4 zzz z z zz z
: kissing_face : :face_with_tongue : :face_with_tongue :
great experience
the app is good but in the over view section , even though i have focused for 45 minutes or some hour straight , it always show the data as 2 different phases . example-》45minutes=21minute then 24 minute .
the app concept is so great.it drives people to work on.but there is an issue when i try to remove withered trees.i click on watch ad to remove , then it opens an ad but suddenly disappears the ad and it does n't remove my wethered trees .
great idea , but missing something and feels incomplete .
really helpful app , but there 's one problem . you can leave the app by clicking the home button and your tree keeps growing while you do other stuff on your phone , which means it does n't really prevent you from leaving the app . hope this is fixed because i really like this !
this app is amazing to help me focus and study and do assignments . i have brought the pro version but it would n't allow me to sync the trees i have planted on my laptop to my phone . it would be amazing if they could fix it !
helps me to stay focused
good design . hope the plant real trees is a true story !
good at keeping me focused ,
good
cute
this app is cute and a great option to just setting a timer when working/studying . however , several times i have gotten a wilted tree just because some other app sent me notifications when i myself did not touch my phone . : (
amazing i love how it has a game element to it . when i use it to keep me focused and of my phone it is a real help and i get all my school work done on time ! i can also get excited when i have enough coins to buy a new plant ! ! i am saving up for the dog one . if anyone is in need of something to get them of their phone so they can concentrate on school i 'd reccomend this app ! ! : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : from amber
overall , it 's pretty fantastic . planting flowers and trees - and not wanting them to die - is good motivation to accomplish things without the phone . sometimes there 's an issue with notifications cancelling the timer , but that does n't happen as often anymore . looking forward to seeing what new plants show up in the app next ! and the customer support team are great about replying if you have issues transitioning to a new phone .
very good app ! it is really soothing and motivating to see trees growing in my forest , and there is a suprising variety of plants . the free version is already awesome , but the cheap premium version is even better . planting real trees sound magnificent and the white list function is very important to me . suprisingly , no disruptive ads are found in both versions . definitely recommend it !
it really works ! ! .. i tried other apps like those that keep the phone locked . but ended up unlocking it more often , as a challenge . this one instead had my phone unlocked but it was nice to see the saplings bloom .. and whenever i peeked a look there was message like `` do n't look here '' or `` focus '' as if i was being watched .. so it kept me from using the phone and i was able to concentrate . really liked the app ... highly recommended .. would recommend to all . : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
this app is really good because i dont get distacted as much bc i dont want my plant to die so i stay off my phone . it also helps as i want to unlock more plants so i stay on the apo longer ( work longer ) to earn more coins to get more plant . would recomend if you find your self on tik tok or social media when you are suppose to be working/doing school . this is really helping out this quartine thanks !
this is an amazing app , it has helped me focus so much and even has a real world impact , but only if you use pro version . i completely understand the need for a pro version , without it you would n't be able to do the things you do with the app , and i wish it was n't there , but that 's not my call to make . it 's an amazing app and i highly recommend
this app is great for staying on task . the interface allows you to leave and access your documents while still allowing you to have your focus timer on . this app is so awesome ! ! i genuinely love this app . i hope that more people would download and experience its greatness .
amazing . it really helps to focus on important tasks rather than wasting time on useless apps . a huge plus ( in my opinion ) is the fact that when you upgrade to pro you can plant real trees only using coins you 've collected in the game .
i really love the app , i use it a lot while studying but it does n't notify me when the time 's up . i installed it twice and i followed the instructions about notification access and stuff but it still does n't work . i also have the last version of the app so i do n't think that 's the problem . what can i do ? update : seems to work now ! thanks !
this app really helps me even if i 'm not studying or hanging out with friends ! i like that you have too set a time for how long you want to do things , but i wish that if you wanted to leave the end the time you would have a withered tree in your forest . other then that , i think the app is awesome !
this app is so simple yet effective . i 've been using it on and off for five years now , and i always seem to come back to it when i really need to focus . there are a couple of hiccups with the app but i 've still given it five stars as these do n't really take away from how great it is .
i absolutely love this app . it definitely helps me stay on track with my all of my home school home work due the covid 19. it helps me stay off other apps because i definitely dont want my tree to die . overall this is my new most important app because of me being such a procrastinator . i surely recommend for people like me who easily get of track a lot .
love it . great app to get off your phone . please extend optional time of focus past 3hrs , create more trees and plants in the future , as well as allow users to plant more than 5 real trees . great app ! just some helpful suggestions from someone who loves it !
i love this app but the only problem is that i am not able to buy trees at all . when i click on th tree i want to purchase there is a pop up saying that the app crashed added later : i did that before but it did not work and now i have 2531 seeds and it 's kinda nice to look at all the seeds and now i am satisfied with my 3 plants . thisappissuitableformytabletplaystoresaidthat'swhyit'snotworkingformebutihaveuseditinmydadsphineandworksamazinglyirecommenditforsureiamwritingwithoutspacecozofwordlimi
i have been in and out of this app many a times . it was all my fluctuating mind , not the app . the app is super special . i bought the pro version this time and opt to stick to it forever . best wishes for the developers : heart_suit : .
great app ! i joined a group chat and we all work together at the same time ! it 's a lot more motivating than studying alone . i love the idea that we can help plant real tress too ! what an excellent cause ! i love the idea of painting a virtual forest too !
it is a great app . the only problem i have is the fact that there is no option for an specific time ( like for example 36 minutes , etc ) that would make this app immensely better
this is honestly the best app to help stay focused . you can choose the amount of time you want to study or do homework for , and it honestly works . you feel the need to let the tree grow . i 100 % recommend this to anyone who wants to stay focused .
great app for doing work . it will keep you focused and it really works . just try it if you dont believe . great work team . you guys created a marvelous app which worth 5/5 .
i love the concept of this app . as a nature lover , i think it 's perfect for me . it allows me to remain motivated and focused on my studies , and knowing that one can plant real trees a while after using this app warms my heart ! great work .
forest is such a great app to help you focus and motivate you to concentrate and stay off your phone ! i 'm currently saving up to spend my coins for a real tree ! : ) i love that concept so so much !
perfect app , has really helped me focus on college work or even getting off my phone for a break . only thing i could ask for would be more options for the sounds/ambiance tab .
great app for revising and studying , it really helps you to stay focused : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : growing trees to keep you focused is a lovely concept and i love the sounds you can play in the background
very motivation app . it encourages you to grow more and more tree . i was looking for this kind of app from long time . before i used to skip a day but now i would love to grow at a least a tree in my forest ( app ) . with help of this forest i can study . thanks
this app definitely helps me to be more focused when studying and making sure that you are n't on your phone . i also think it 's a great concept to make your own forest by doing so .
this is the best app ever ! .... it helps me manage my time when im doing my online homework and not get distracted ! ! i tend to procrastinate a lot of times so i know for a fact this app is the best
this app is so cool ! it really helps me to motivate my self and i love the sounds it does in the background ! highly reccomend !
love it ! very simple clean interface and satisfying sounds and colors make this app soothing and beneficial to ( not ) use !
very good app and it 's very calming really helps me learn how to let go , and spend less time on my phone .
great app . keeps statistics of your day , month and year in a compact form .
i found this app to be pretty useful . whenever i need to get something done , i go onto this app , and plant a tree or bush . i recommended this to a few of my friends , and they 're enjoying it too !
love this app to stay off my phone while working , it really helps in only using the phone if it 's really necessary . it 's super motivating to watch your forest grow
forest is cute , unobtrusive , and has genuinely helped me in the transition from checking my phone to doing work . a neat option is the ability to allow certain apps ( eg , spotify to change music )
i really enjoy this app ! it 's a fun , satisfying way to keep track of time ( and stay off my phone for a while ! )
great app ! just having it on your home screen helps you stay focused because you want to use it every time you see it .
great app for staying focused , good way to track your time spent working in a more fun and engaging way
i 've tried plenty of pomodoro-esque apps and this one is the standout . planting trees actually keeps me interested in focusing longer without distracting me from my work . i bought the premium upgrade months ago and have n't looked back . my one suggestion would be to work in break times . typical pomodoro is work 25 mins , break for 5 , work again , etc . maybe have a popup asking if i want a 5 min break every 25 mins , a popup that can easily be ignored if i want to continue working instead .
love it ! gotten through a bunch of essays with this app . i love it actually let 's your phone play music , which i always turn on before starting the timer . i do have one complaint , and it is a small one though- i think there should be breaks during the timer . i 've needed to use the restroom a lot during studies , and i feel guilty because i 'm wasting time . so i think there should be a 5 minutes break option . maybe you 're only allowed to use it once or twice per tree , depending on the time it took
i have used this app before and it 's really awesome , it helps me with giving a challenge for focusing on my work and studies for the time i desire . i enjoy growing trees and creating a forest while studying . this app is the best for focusing , with its whitelist feature i can even listen to music or talk to someone without destroying my tree . i love this app , thank you for this .
everytime that i finished a session it freezes . i sent you a feedback with the system log . please try to fix the issue otherwise , it 's a great app that keeps you focused but please do it asap . update : i 've updated forest but still the same issue . see feedback with system logs jan 5th , 2020 : no issues for the moment update 1.5 : working fine back to 5 stars
this works like a pomodoro style of focusing . but with a little fun thing , very nice .
this is great for studying . it 's a fun insensive to turn your phone off ! it has really helped with online school in isolation .
the app is great and i honestly love it , until recently . now when i want to plant a tree , the app stops , unless i 'm connected to the internet . also when i successfully plant a tree while using the app offline , the tree does n't save and the app stops . please fix this as soon as possible and i will rate this 5 stars ! ! ! edit : wow , after the new update the app does n't stop , but you ca n't plant a tree , online nor offline . congrats . edit : it 's fixed ! !
i am very bad at just starting something and staying with it for a decent amount of time , or at least enough to get it done . this really really helps me in that aspect because i can set reminders , i got the fancy version , that will ping at me whenever i want them to to tell me to work on stuff . also , every time i look at my little baby tree growing , i kno `` okay i just have this much longer and then i can take a break '' and honestly that is helping me . it is very cute , and user-friendly . 10 / 10
easy to use and works seamlessly . it has helped me stay on track with my studies and even to take breaks timely breaks . the incentives are fun and interesting enough to keep me wanting to plant trees . i particularly enjoy labelling the trees as i can then export the data and see how many hours i have been working on different things . it gives me the freedom to write up my own things in python to analyse that data and plan better for the next week .
simple to use , feels like i 'm `` doing something '' by planting a tree and setting my phone down . i 've gotten my 5-year-old to sit still and watch the plant `` grow '' for over 20 minutes ... we like saving enough coins to plant real trees ! the new limited edition trees are exciting to watch for and try to earn , but it 's nice that you can buy them later too . pretty art , fun app , and plants real trees ! ? i love this app .
i love forest ! it was the first app in which i paid for the premium version , and it was so worth it ! it is very cute , motivational , and easy to use . the only suggestion i have for future updates is for the user to be able to customize plant placement . thank you forest developers ! update : i have been using forest for about 6 months now and still love it . i just want to say how much i appreciate the forest team listening to feedback and providing amazing customer support . thank you !
an excellent app for everyone who struggles focusing on anything . planting trees and preventing them from dying , then having a whole , beautiful forest is motivating . there 's a global ranking refreshing each week , so you can compete with other players . you may even plant with your friends if you want . there are multiple tree species , updated quite often which makes the game just more exciting . i found paying for the premium version worth it .
helped me stay focused ! usually when i study i always have my phone around and i keep getting distracted by my phone ( twitter , yt etc . ) i have an upcoming exam this week and i decided to stay focus so i downloaded this app ! its great and it really works ! the first time i tried to give up i was so sad to kill a tree so i try to focus ! i really recommend this app especially for my fellow students ! ( also excuse my grammar because english is not my first language : ) ) )
recommended this by two work friends to help keep focused as we read long sometimes boring documents - works so great ! i feel really motivated to keep reading and stay off my phone . even for things the app does n't track ( like not chatting to co-workers ) i feel more guilty/conscious of concentrating when the app is running and growing my tree , so i have cut down on chat with coworkers and stuff too .
this app really helps me when working on school at home . ( we 've been doing a lot of that bc of covid-19 ) i really suggest this app ! hint : if you want a free tree from the store order them from least coins to greatest
really nice and relaxing app , i like the relaxing forest noises that play while the tree is growing ) )
super helpful app ! i get so invested in making sure my plants do n't die and it really helps
i love how i can keep track how long i focus and on what . it 's also really rewarding to see your forest grow
really helpful for making me stay focused on studying , i think the guilt of killing a plant is very motivational . however there was a weird bug , during finals week i was using this app for hours straight but then it suddenly stopped working . when i click the plant button , nothing happens . i left it alone for awhile and its okay now but i wonder why it happened . i also really like the store and think its very motivational .
i love this app ! it helps me to stay focused on my work or whatever other tasks i 've set for myself , and helps me track time on those tasks . i like the whitelist feature so that i can use apps on my phone that are necessary for work while growing a tree . and i love plants ! so keeping them alive is a real incentive . thank you for creating it !
love this app ! ! it helps to keep me focused while studying . you get really invested in planting your trees and seeing them live , which is a good deterrent from checking social media and texts . i enjoy how you can work towards new types of plants and get some variety in your forest . i definitely recommend to anyone looking for a little push with no ( real ) consequences to stay focused .
it 's silly to think that something so simple helps me to focus , but so it is ! the ritual of planting a tree and then not doing anything else until it 's finished growing has been very beneficial for my self-motivated work . and i love looking back on my forest to see a visual representation of my hard work .
this is just great ! ! i saw my favorite youtuber using this and i was like what the hell is she using that enables you so much facilities like you are bound6to stay focused . i literally searched for the name of this app and i finally found it . i am using it for 1 month now and it 's the best .. ! ! ! : red_heart : but sometimes it just do n't notifies me when the time is over and sometimes just keeps counting the time even when i m watching youtube or instagram on my phone .
great incentive/nudge to be present during the activity/practice of your choice . a gentle way to reinforce mindful habits . if i know my tree is going to die because of lack of time or focus , i either clear more time if possible , schedule the task for a more appropriate time-slot or take a few deep breaths to center to why i chose to do this or is this something i really want to do in the first place . it 's like a little promise to yourself before diving in .
cute app that helps me stay focused . it 's customizability makes it really great , so i can tell it what apps are and are n't okay for me to use . like if i 'm doing work and i need to check my email for something related to what i 'm doing , i can take my email app off of the black list also it 's kinda nice to plant a real tree every once and a while the focus rewards . if you 're struggling to tame your time on your phone during times you should be focusing , the free version is worth a try .
this app is wonderful , but i am having problems with the things linking to the network . i have a good internet and have tried restarting the app several times , however i ca n't seem to connect to the shop for my in game currency and the real forest things . it says unable to connect , i 'm just saying this in case , i 'll check with support
i love this app . i really struggle to concentrate when i have a pile of papers to mark or some other boring stack of work and forest helps me to stay off my phone for reasonable stretches of time . like i really care about my virtual forest and do n't want to kill any trees so scrolling insta is just not worth it .
this app has been helping me maintain as in all of my classes ! i have adhd so i find it hard to stay focused , but this app has been a lifesaver . i hope to see more achievements added in the future . thank you forest team for making an app that actually helps people on a daily basis ! you guys rock !
thus far , i 'm enjoying this app . i feel absolutely motivated in completing a task ; and , staying on track . even , when i feel like getting off track , i 'm reminded of the growth that 's manifesting between my tree and myself . thank you from the bottom of my heart for the best app ever . looking forward to additional features !
awesome app ! used it before , but downloaded again to help me focus while studying at home during social distancing .
this app has greatly helped me in creating better study habits and eliminating procrastination ( i 'm a high school senior for reference ) . part of the reason is because , rather than simply completely blocking usage of apps , it allows you to choose to break your streak , forcing you to actually consider the consequences of procrastinating . my only gripe is that i feel like the ability to whitelist apps should be free ( although it is only around $ 3 , which is n't bad ) . i 'd recommend it to anyone .
simple to use , and surprisingly motivational . graphics are cute , and though i do n't use the music due to hearing loss , there 's a good selection . love the tracking feature , enabling you to see your focus-time for the day , week , month , etc .
got this when i realized i got most distracted from my work by looking at my phone . really helps me focus when i need to . i did n't want one of those apps that completely locks down your phone in case i actually needed to use it for something important , but i do n't want to kill my trees for unimportant stuff . also i like that they have a variety of trees that you have to work to get . it makes me more motivated to use the app . i hope they add more season-themed trees ( snow covered would be cool ! )
i really love this app , i love challenging myself as i have a very bad phone habit and will lose hours staring at my phone . devs , my trees die when an alarm goes off on my phone - super frustrating when i 'm just picking it up to turn the alarm off . maybe that can be an exception ?
it 's a wonderful app to help you focus more on your work or studies . you can select a time of how long you want to focus ( you can choose from 10m to 2h ) while doing that you also have a wide range of options available of all kinds of trees and bushes ! the more time you select the more coins you get rewarded and with those coins you can buy new trees or bushes . i have bought the premium version for €1,99 which is n't much at all and because i have it i can personalise the app blacklist !
it 's honestly very useful when studying or working by myself . it keeps me accountable for how much work i get done . whenever i 'm working and i do n't like what i 'm doing or it 's hard or i cant focus or whatever i always try to distract myself from my phone so this is helpful . 10/10 . also the little trees are cute . i like to do a lot of short times so i can build up a forest instead of just one big tree
this app is too good it is helping me and futher it will to be staying focused at a particular thing for a particular period of time
a really cute app ! great for keeping track of your focus .
i have been using this app for years . i get really hooked on committing to longer focus times just to unlock the full potential of the trees offered ( there are different aspects to the tree with different amounts of study time , ie less than 60mins , greater than 60mins , and a special one for 2 hours of focus , plus bushes ) . as someone with adhd ( and ocd , which may explain my obsession with this app ) , studying would n't be the same without forest ! : evergreen_tree :
i actually use this app for practicing flute and it helps so much . i have tried using normal timers but i usually end up and just pause it saying ill come back later and never do it but with this i can set a timer and it keeps me off my other phone apps and keeps me seated since i cant really pause the timer . and its also really nice to see my progress throughout the week for practicing with all the trees that ive planted . overall really nice app , i highly recommend it ! ! !
i love this app . the pro version helps me stay focused no matter where i go : )
this app is literally saving my grades ! just an idea for a different way of using , maybe add an option where you put your phone down and it just plants a randon tree and when you pick your phone back up you can see what tree is planted or how many you got ? its just sometimes i need to focus but i dont know how long for and then i either kill the tree or feel i could have planted for longer with more coins ?
love it ! this app has really helped me stay focused on my school work , and i feel really good that my points are going towards planting a real tree . the rate of reward is low enough to make it a challenge , but high enough to make it satisfying . very cool , especially for a free app .
i could n't open the app after i installed it . reinstalled game , tried again and still does n't work . edit : thank you for fixing the problem i re-downloaded the app and it works perfectly . it 's very fun to pass time with this app and i 'm also really happy that you can listen to music on this app too while watching the tree ( s ) grow .
the app is amazing . one feature or suggestion i would like to suggest would be to start planting a tree at some given time as set by the user everyday and restrict the user from using other apps opened at the same time and if he still uses other apps he would hv to wither the tree . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : otherwise , kudos to your team . you people are doing amazing . loving it totally : red_heart :
i enjoyed using this app to stay focus . the sense of achievement for getting the trees planted keeps me motivated .
i 've used this app multiple times over the years . it helps me stay away from my phone so that i can get tasks done . my love for a virtual tree far out weighs my urges to check social media and my blog . my grades in college and the cleanliness of my home thanks this app .
the app works once and the second time i try to open it , it just refuses to open ! i have redownloaded the app many times but this problem continues . other than that , i really enjoy this app . edit : i have sent the problems on the said email . edit : they did respond and the app works fine now : ) excellent customer service !
i like the app because it 's just as it is described . it is very easy to adjust times for focus , tree species to plant , and the motivational messages that are showed keep me going forward . i do n't the fact that the trees and music are both too expensive . other than that , not really any challenge
this app has really helped me focus on my school work . as times are now with the e learning situation , it 's done wonders for me !
fantastic app , it helped me develop a good study habit of remaining focussed and taking positive breaks in moderation .
great for productivity if you use it right . you really need to respect the timer if you want it to actually work . 4 stars because i 'd like to see room breaks implemente , since right now you have to do your own break and restart the room .
initially i thought this would be another app i get and forget about in a week . not at all , this app is working great for me . i started planning and recording everything . it is keeping me accountable for my focus . it may sound stupid but it is fantastic .
i love it ! keeps me focused and the store items are so cue
a simple app to help you put the phone down and feel accomplished !
nice app and good for my focus skills and it also helps me to build my focus skills . i am very happy about that because i love this it will allow you to stay focused on your work instead of checking your phone after every interval of time . i appreciate the people downloading the app you should download this app surely .
this game is a great way to get things done . i love the idea of not being able o leave the app or your tree will die . i consider this a great tool as i am homeschooled .
simple , yet effective . pro version is cheap and awesome : )
great app ! it really helped me to be productive throughout the day !
great app using the pomodoro technique for focusing on missions . the only thing i feel could be improved is allowing certain app to work ( using setting ) fir example i take online coarses on my phone , and it would have been appreciated if the app was n't considered to kill the tree
its awesome 1 ) download it to manage time 2 ) time hw 3 ) stay on track with every day activities 4 ) easy tolook back on * organized * time plots to help manage day to day activities ! it 's easy to use and is organized with minimal work ( you can also use time coins to plant real trees )
this app has helped me stay off my phone at work . instead of randomly looking at my phone and getting distracted , i will plant a tree to grow for an hour and when the hour is over i look at my phone for 5 minutes then plant another tree . i get so much more work done because i have a reason to not get distracted .
ever since the update to at a whitelist to allow me to use my phone apps such as google docs , notepad , duolingo , etc . it 's been a lot more wonderful of an experience as someone who does n't always have access to a laptop/computer for homework . love planting real trees but i do love the updates that come with more variety of our own forests so that i can have weekly themes . ca n't wait to see more flowers as well , my suggestion is a colorful bunch of lilies ! honeysuckles would be adorable too .
this app is awesome i get distracted so easily , but once i set a timer i stay focused . i will try and reach my phone when my homework gets hard but then the plant growing reminded me to get back to work , afterwards you feel proud ! i recomend this for teen students or procrastinators .
honestly great for helping me focus while working from home . i use it to stop myself from binging news and to manage time using pomodoro method
the app is totally spectacular , the best of them all .
great app
good app for students
this is truley an amazing app . it helps me study , clean , and workout without being tempted to get on my phone . i suggest silencing your phone while using this app so you arent tempted to kill your tree . thank you for this app and keep up the good work ! !
i recommend this app to all of my friends for studying ! in addition to the focus help , it motivates me to get more done and to challenge myself in new ways ! i especially like seeing a whole forest for a day , month , etc . sadly , there was no way to transfer my plants when i got a new phone , so i am having to unlock plants again .
love making tge earth green
my only complaint was that i purchased the app thinking that i could always use the in app currency to plant real world trees . it only allows you to plant 5 but otherwise it 's a useful app .
this is an amazing app that helps the environment and helps you stay off your phone . so really its a win win
its great
perfect
perfect app its make not depress
it very cute ! ! ! best app for me when i 'm reading .
its a beautiful app . i loved it . just one suggestion when someone calls on whatsapp , the tree withers .
helps me ! used to use pomodoro but the forest theme is nice and sort of mindful . i also use it for breaks from my phone
awesome
love everything about this app ! : heart_suit :
thanks to all the creators of this app . you have made my life sorted . love from india
aplikacja godna polecenia , naprawdę pomaga `` odstawić '' telefon na dany czas i skoncentrować się na czynności , jaką wykonujemy . polecam .
love this app . it makes me focused on my work .
excellent app
i love this app so much . very helpful for someone with adhd .
it 's very good
update : changed to 5 stars due to the price changes in the store . the pop up ads are still a little annoying but it 's still not too much of q problem . i love the variety in plants you can buy ! it 's a really cute app . occasionally an ad would pop up outta nowhere but it 's not too much of a problem . i think it 'd be nice for the bushes to cost lower than the trees , due to them not needing as much time off to grow , but that 's just my opinion . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
it is a great app for focusing on something with no distractions . definitely recommended . : OK_hand : :OK_hand : :OK_hand :
phenomenal
super
this game is so great it helps you to focus in planting your tree you can invite friends to plant trees and chat to them , actually this is not a game it is simple and educational . pls download this game to save our environment . go forest go ! ! ! !
goodd
its awesome time management base app
its a good app . i liked its all features
works great ! ! keeps me focused and off my phone ! ! i 've tried many different apps like this before and deleted them because they did n't work how i wanted to or they put ads on my homescreen . but this is app does n't do that and this is the best one around for sure ! : )
it is amazing app
awesome app .
good
the best
this so help me to get focus , youu guys much download this app , see you guys in department of civil engineering bandung institute of technology i 'll be there : pushpin :
it 's great
well done for those peple who made this one for me .
good
es muy útil para mantener las aplicaciones del celular cerradas mientras trabajas .
nice
very useful keeps me on track with my revision .
this is my favourite app ! : red_heart : the plants are so cute and it really makes me so motivated to study ! i am also very happy with the tags ! : ) but i have a question .. if i am going to change to a new phone but with the same sd card .. will all my plants be gone ?
gooood
the best idea
nice
it 's a great app thank you for publishing it for free
great way to stay motivated and focused on useful things !
helps me to focus and its fun to grow the forest . once i started i found that my studying and sleep has gotten better
this is a great app . i love gardening and this app also explained me about different plants and also has a timer : clapping_hands :
i love . it 's fun . and also it makes me want to focus more . that 's a pity i ca n't buy the premium version . because my country is under sanctions .
you receive satisfying rewards for staying off your phone , building positive reinforcement for off-screen time . it has an adjustable time scale which corresponds to the reward you receive , so it can be as convinient as you desire . i love it , it has really helped me so much with getting past hard work deadlines , and just focusing on certain tasks in general . 11/6 much recommended : thumbs_up :
one of the best app to stay focused on your study . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
its a good app for focusing in studies
awesome app .... really helpful in increasing concentration .... soothing music helps you ignore all disturbances ...... your tree dies if you use any other app .... so your phone is also no longer a disturbance ..... this app is really good for doing deep work .
this app is amazing ! ! it helps me stay focused on my tasks and definitely away from my phone ! love it and highly recommend
useful motivator to avoid phone usage , even on the free version . very helpful .
very simple , good for keeping you away from your phone . also planting trees is the best for the environment because plants keep animals alive and animals keep plants going by herbivores eating plants then pooping out seeds and predators keep herbivores in check so they do n't eat to many plants , it 's a symbiotic relationship . keep this up
so helpful ! been struggling to concentrate during the pandemic but this has actually managed to make me focus on assignments . definitely considering an upgrade to premium
good
this app is so simple yet effective . i 've been using it on and off for five years now , and i always seem to come back to it when i really need to focus . there are a couple of hiccups with the app but i 've still given it five stars as these do n't really take away from how great it is .
awesome
great app ! it really helped me to be productive throughout the day !
the best app in the world
good aplication : red_heart : :red_heart : :red_heart : :red_heart :
definitely download it its great
it 's an amazing app cuz it 's rll helped me in studying
my love for nature and need for concentration has made this app the best choice while i work : green_heart : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
this is the best app for me to stay focus
lovely and motivate me to study
awesome experience
helps me to stay focused
its great for people who get distracted easily .
it 's really a good apps . help me with study and stay focused : smiling_face_with_hearts :
i love it : red_heart :
issue solved after update . 5 stars . : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
i love it !
like
no words ! this app is fantastic ! i keep my focus a lot more when i do my homework !
amazing
very helpful
love it !
im so need it
muito interessante : clapping_hands :
this app allows me to unplug and focus on whatever else i may have going on .
great app thank you so much and love u { forest : stay focoused } app developers because you do a great work for humanity , great application for students and other person who want to analysis your work time . i love app so much once i get a job i buy a pro version . thank you developers .
very nice app
amazing app for staying focused : OK_hand : :OK_hand : :winking_face :
great app for focusing .
really good app , helps you focus
great game
i really enjoy this app ! it 's a fun , satisfying way to keep track of time ( and stay off my phone for a while ! )
very nice app for phone addicted .
makes studying easy !
nice app , but the cool stuff is locked for the membership
very helpful ...
very calming
i love soo much ! ! ! ! !
great
i just bought premium and realized i made a mistake right away ! it told me to register to sync my data and i did . sync option would n't do anything . i was n't able to set a username because of some unknown error all the time . then half the screen was empty and i decided it was a glitch and reinstalled it and now all my data is gone ! so stupid ! i just paid 10 bucks to be able to create more than 5 habits and i lost everything ! do n't recommend this app , so disappointed ...
nobody use this app . read all the forums . the app does not support the sync once you 've bought premium . everyone 's saying the same . and the devs do not respond to help requests . i have an error that makes me unable to sync due to a connection error though clearly i am connected to the internet . i am a premium user . the app is great but please help me with my problem . i 'm tired of taking screenshots of all my pages every week as my remedy for the sync error .
update 2020 : sadly they did n't reach out to me despite me paying for premium version . lost my account and no means of logging back in . otherwise , the app is good especially the ui . like this app but until recently i had to change phones and the database could not locate my email and the app changed names and logo so it 's all confusing . if you could help me locate my account as i bought the premium version but couldnt log in to my account . please help because i want to use this great app !
app was good in past but not anymore , it has stopped sync and many bugs creeped in due to no maintenance and update since . as per details in app page , last update was on 28th jun 2018 , but still it is the first thing that comes in results when i search for `` habit '' : astonished_face : i guess google should stop advertising an app that is not managed since years .
i have an error that makes me unable to sync due to a connection error though clearly i am connected to the internet . i am a premium user . the app is great but please help me with my problem . i 'm tired of taking screenshots of all my pages every week as my remedy for the sync error .
the app itself is great . i used it quite regularly a few years back but when i tried to use it again it seems that the 'new ' owners do n't acknowledge their 'lifetime ' subscription . sure hope my emails get more results besides ... /ignore kthnxbye sent an email ... they said they opened a ticket and then ... crickets . nice .. thanks , downgraded to
* update * 11/02/20 use at your own risk ! as expected , no contact from developers . app has not been updated since 2018. this app was great for a month until it kept freezing my phone . a de/reinstall has now lost all my data and looking at other users with this issue , it looks like it is lost forever because of the sync function never working and no contact from developers . very upset and disappointed .
updating my previous review . i recently hit the two year mark on one of my habits , yet the app only shows me of having 30 days . this is the same bug i reported last year . it appears that it does not recognize some of my habits over the new year . i 've reported this problem four times now and have never heard back from anyone . i 'm giving up on this app , and suggest you do too . `` i 've used this for a couple of years . there was a bug where one week of my tracking was n't recognized by the app . this happened the week of new years . i reached out to the developer five times about it and never heard back . unfortunately , this has become an unreliable app for tracking . ''
update : dropped 5 star rating to 1star . app will not sync . i have it on android and ipad , and neither one of them will sync to the server . app store shows 8 months since any updates . would not have paid for premium if i knew it was n't going to be maintained . original review : i wanted to make something like this myself , but they 've already done a great job . i feel more obligated to the daily habits i 'm trying to build , and it 's great that it tracks my completion streaks .
i paid for habitbull premium for the sync functionality , which fully does not work . i 've tried reinstalling the app , reinstalling android , getting a new phone . no luck . emailed habitbull a month ago and still no reply . if i want to take a backup i have to screenshot everything . not ideal apart from this the app is decent . it 's got a cute meme
paid for premium . sync does not work . publisher does not reply . started reading reviews and found numerous people with the same problem . going to try to get my money back . nice app if you do n't care about backups or syncing between devices or customer support . switched to goalify and finding them extremely responsive
i have been using the app from the last 3 years . i am a premium user . when trying to sign in a new device and sync , it 's not syncing . i need my data . please help with this issue . even after reaching to the support team tonnes of times no one is responding . so i am changing the rating from 3 to 1 .
the idea behind the app is good . although , after paying for premium , the promised cloud sync does not work ( several users mention the same issue ) . there is no way of backup the data either . i can not see any feedback from devs here . switched to a different app : `` habits . ''
decent , but premium features like sync do not work , ca n't even reimport data you exported yourself . had i realized this i would have never have bought the app , it 's just false advertising . i now have to figure out how to port my data to another app where it wo n't be inevitably lost .
paid for the premium app last year , now there is no history of my email address ever being registered despite me having the confirmation emails from them when i first paid for it . lots of complaints on here . get one of the open source habit trackers & back it up yourself to cloud storage rather than spending money with devs who change the app name slightly & try to charge again . seen this happen so many times .
do n't install this app.this is forgery . i 've used this app for more than 2 years when i changed my mobile phone i could n't login when i logged in it says `` this email account is not in our database '' i have the mail to prove that i had had the account in the app.i mailed the company 4-5 times but there 's no reply . 2 years of my habit data is lost .
the premium version of the app does not sync across multiple devices . i use an android phone and a chromebook and it still does not work . do n't bother with premium .
this was a great app but it has n't been updated since 2018 and sadly it be can become unusable in an instant with no fixes in sight . i can not recommend this app . i would try something similar maybe open sources , or with dev support
had accumulated 5 habits that lasted 17 days and counting ( now using a different app . ) this pathetic app that i paid premium for , would not sync . `` check internet connection '' every damn time . i paid for the damn app , sadly probably past my refund day !
do not purchase ! the app works as it 's supposed to , with exception for the added purchase features . i bought the app so it could sync up with multiple devices , that feature does not work despite following the faq as to why it might not work . i have tried their support ticket system which had an automated response , but they have yet to respond despite me trying multiple times to reach them and ask for assistance or a refund .
the app has n't synced for nearly 9 months despite being a premium user . the support team have n't acknowledged my email . it 's a good concept but they 've failed to make it work and do n't provide customer support . check other reviews . go to play.google.store on a web browser . select my account and go to order history . select the ... and it offers you an option to request a refund . that should get the developer to either repair it or take off the premium services it is falsely selling .
sync does not work ! i 've tried multiple times to get it to work and my internet connection is just fine . had to switch phones when my old phone died and ca n't get my old data back on the app because sync does n't work . also no way to import data . great app if the feature worked or could import data , but rendered useless because of this . so if i switch phones or have to reset to factory standards , i lose everything . paid quite a bit for this app just for this feature alone , but it does not work .
the app itself gets the job done , but it will not sync and the developer is not responsive to questions . do n't waste your money with premium . you wo n't get what you pay for .
the widget and sync functions does not work on premium . i get the widget error telling me to log in but i already have and even reinstalled the app . nothing works . developer , please fix this .
this app claimed it was syncing to the cloud . when i lost everything on my phone and had to reinstall it , signed in , and tried to sync ... there was nothing . i have an open support case that nobody at habitbull has responded to ( # 900271 ) do not trust this app or whether it will backup your habit tracking data . terrible customer service and fail of an app .
hyper masculine tone is very off-putting and irritating . hint to developers : women try to change habits too ! at least give us the option of just having hints in our own words ...
after installing this app my phone received an increased amount of spam calls . after removing the app from my phone i received fewer spam calls . it might be a coincidence ... but it might not be .
pathetic . i was totally in love with this app until i changed my phone . i lost the phone , and when i installed the app in my new phone , everything was gone . my habits , data for last one year , every damn thing . and i have purchased premium of the highest cost . there 's no way to restore my data or contact the devs . if you can not save on json file of mine in your cloud , please explain why i should buy premium ? there is a sync option in the app . do n't tell me i should have manually `` synced '' my stuff
app no longer supported , data loss likely : was a great app until i needed to migrate to a new phone . the sync feature never worked , and i lost months of habit data . i tried contacting the developer via the supplied email , but zero response . i used to recommend this app to many people , but i 'm done with it .
very expensive for a simple app , and quite useless without buying the premium . only tracks 5 habits ? lame . i ca n't believe this is the app advertised in the play store , and still has a high rating because it is garbage . sounds like even if i bought premium it would be worthless for transferring data to a new phone as the app claims , i wo n't even risk it .
find a new app . overall if you havent noticed , the dev 's left this app . as of recently , the servers are dead . this means you cant make an account , forums are gone , motivation pictures gone , etc . find a new app ,
after purchase , sync is not working . then y sholud i purchase this app . profile name is empty , while editing it says `` something went wrong '' . and so on
i was enjoying this app and decided to buy the premium features . but they took the money and provided nothing at all . i tries contacting the developer via email and no answer at all . stay away .
do n't buy the premium version of this app . synching does n't work . stick with the free version , which would be 4 stars
i bought the premium version of this app and it does n't work . the reminder does not function , which basically renders the app useless . i emailed the support team and i have n't gotten any response or acknowledgement of receipt . i want a refund . what a waste of my money
developer is non-responsive . for some reason when downloading the app from the play store it associates with the incorrect google account . i have verified i am downloading the app with my intended account , however it continually associates with the wrong account . it 's not really a big deal , but i was planning to upgrade to premium with my play store credits . the account this app associates to does not have any .
soooo disappointing . had to find a substitute for my habit minder app when i moved to android . habit tracker seemed . the interface is great , love the tracking graphs , but its reminders do n't work consistently at all - which defeats the whole purpose ! ! ! really miss my habit minder and hope they make an android version soon .
i bought premium and now i ca n't login to the app using facebook . ( and i ca n't login any other way ) i get this message : `` login failed : you ca n't use facebook to log into this app or website because there 's an issue with its implementation of facebook login . ''
if you pay for premium , you wo n't actually get the premium services ( as other reviewers have noted ) . troubleshooting steps from their site do n't work , and no one responds to the support email . contact google and they 'll reject your refund request .
why are you counting inactive habits for the 5 habits total ? it 's ridiculous ! there are many other apps that do n't have this silly , cash grabbing limit .
app works but i got very disappointed after i purchased the premium features only to discover that sync between devices does n't work , and that the app developer is completely unresponsive to my support requests , so i wasted my money and am not able to get a refund .
it 's not working properly , always fails to remind , no more reminder notification , this feature suppose to work for free version , if the promise features in free version does n't work how can i get confident to buy paid version , request team to fix this issue
the app is very good . giving one star because , data sync does n't work even for paid version . so if you change the phone , you lose all tracking history . and as others reviews are saying there is no service by developers .
i bought the premium version and it will not sync . i have snet numerous requests to support and have received no responses
paid for premium so i could sync between devices , but it does n't work and customer service will not respond to my inquiries .
it 's been 1 week since i 'm using the app . the reminder system worked fine for 1day and from next day the reminder system stopped functioning . really disappointed . may be uninstalling the app after few days . hope this helps .
the reminders do n't work . no noise . no vibration . i even bought premium to see if that would help . no luck . if i wanted a place to just mark my progress , i 'd keep an excel spreadsheet .
the app was last updated on 2018. looks like the devs abandoned it . i 've been having trouble with reminders ( a key feature of the app ) but have n't heard back from the devs . : /
i like the app , but i do n't like rating apps , and this one constantly nags you to do so with no option for it to stop . even with the paid version , so 1 star for being annoying after i 've given them my money
awsome application .. i purched it .. but i just want notifation should be blinking on phone like alram clock .. plz add this type of features .. the thing diplys in notifaction should be flash on main screen from last 10 month it 's not getting synchronising .. plz do something @ developer we paid for it
2019/10/24 - revised from 5 to 1 star . app is dead . all my data gone . never again trust an app you can not export and organize your data , and to a universal format . avoid as others said recently .
broken ! so far , not impressed . i bought this expecting multi-device sync and have n't seen it do that . it would n't even restore a backed up file after logging off then on .
sync does n't work . paid for premium , had to get a new phone and it wo n't transfer . as other reviews say , it seems this app has been abandoned . unfortunate because i liked it .
unsupported . doesnt contain sync feature . would n't issue refund . to the makers and google , get on your hands and knees and repent to g * d
good app , but no updates even after sending few suggestions . what is the point in buying paid version .
do not buy premium ! devs are not responsive and there is no way to reach them should you have any issues . contacted them several times to transfer purchase to new phone , nobody responded.10 $ wasted .
app hasnt synced in 190 days . wo n't let me log out . still loads all my old data from last sync . hasnt been updated since 2018 , that should be the best clue . dont buy ! !
i have premium app , sync is not working , no repply from developer . just waist of money .
an app absolutely focused on my needs ... that has broken . the sync function broke down about 3 or 4 months ago , it can export its data to .csv but not import it .
do not use this app for tracking your habit for long time , you 'll lose your data if you do t pay the premium membership . i 've lost 3 months of daily tracking data of my habits .
this app does n't let me log in to my previous account . once i skipped the initial registration page due to some network issues , i tried logging in but it only shows sign up or connect to facebook which i definitely do n't want to use . when i use my previous account on sign up it tells me that the email is already taken . please fix this issue .
like another commenter said . just installed it on new phone and even though signed in it does n't give my my paid for premium . previous phone checked the sync and last sync was 128 days ago .
the last update was more than a year ago and things started to stop working . the company that owns it seems to be a scam . it was a great app , i paid for it and got no support
this app would be great if they would just stop locking people out of premium . this has happened with several users for months and still not fixed . i got a new phone and ca n't use this app because login with facebook wo n't transfer . this is my first one star review i ever gave an app and to say i am disappointed . just use one of the many other habit trackers .
horrific ! they have stopped supporting the application . no replies , application is not working as sync is not functional anymore . please do n't buy it , it is a complete waste of money .
very poor customer support despite being a paid subscriber . strongly recommend against this app . not able to sync across devices and there was no response despite sending mails .
2018-11-19 -it seems useful , but it crashes on my phone 3 - 15 times a day . 2019-04-13 - no update , this app would be great if it did n't crash just about every time i go to my home screen from * anywhere * . also there have been no update , and no responses to the roughly 75 - 100 error logs that i have submitted . i paid $ 5.00 ( us ) for a `` life time subscription '' to the premium version . do not spend your money ! ! ! ! ! !
i paid for premium when transitioning to a new phone , and my history was transferred . i recently had to un+re-install the app for personal reasons and it does not recognise my account anymore . creator contact has not responded to numerous courteous emails . extremely disappointed . wish i could get 3+ years of data back . i loved the app , and the app itself is 5 stars but will only rate 1 due to reasons above . would change to 5 stars if resolved .
i purchased the app to make full use of it and add many habits with a reminder for each . but the reminder doesnt work at all . initially for some habits it used to remind randomly but after a day of purchasing none of the reminders are working : ( please solve my issue as i really wanted to use this app to its potential .
bought the premium version ; could n't access my 100 habits . emailed team ; took many emails for them to address problem ; asked to redownload app ; all data deleted ; problem was never solved ; more emails to get money back ; told that they are a `` small team '' ; worst experience with any app i 've ever bought .
unrecoverably crashed , reinstalled . then the data partially gone . pretty disappointed . no response from the devs . in hindsight this is an app that have n't released for more than a year , so could have been expected . data is not critical of course ( bunch of date markers ) , but it feels like all those habits disappeared with the data : /
facebook login fails with an error from facebook saying the login method has n't bee implemented correctly .
this is the free version . the paid version is $ 7.99 , the platinum version is even more . you can only track 5 habits in the free version . developers must be paid , but a lack of up front honesty makes this product undesirable . ( i should charge for this . ) do not install . # doughymiddle
app did n't sync at all ! ! ! i lost almost 6 months and it turned out all users had the same issue and requested a refund , i need my money or solve it now this is cheating
i bought the premium long ago . unable to sync after resetting phone , lost data that i have tracked for over 2 years .
expensive , old and without any support . also much better alternatives are available now .
when it works it 's great but after using it for a while and paying for the ability to export and sync data , all my data is gone . every attempt to contact them goes unanswered and the last update was over a year ago . they 're willing to take your money but not to update or support the software . use this at your own risk .
good app , appallingly bad support . paid for premium and enjoyed the app for 2 years . old phone died now ca n't restore the data on the new phone . the ligin is not recognized . noone replying to the emails . so much for `` premium '' ... quick googling reveals many people experience the same ... frustrating
do not pay for the app . sync does n't work , they dont support the app but they are always ready to take your money .
purchased the premium , the app stops sending notifications after some days , i have to repeatedly open the app to get notifications , waste of money
the problem i have is that if i set a habit to be every monday and wednesday , for example , and i follow it successfully for a few weeks . then if i just want to change the days , it discards all my previous progress , which is stupid . i just changed the days and the app ca n't understand this .
it 's a great app , used it for over a year happily . even paid for it . recently had to switch phones and when i reinstalled on my new phone the sync function does n't work . without sync i 've lost all my data . tried emailing the developers for support but they do n't reply .
online sync is no longer working and last update was june 2018 which is more than a year . is there a reason why i should continue using this app ?
excellent app , highly recommend , have been using this app since it was first getting established and was advertised on reddit . however i cant log on anymore : ( i had access on my old phone and now on my new one it says my email address is not in the database ! how can i get my access back ? this is the only app i like !
has lost features over the years . back when i first used this years ago when it was called habit bull , i could set goals like , `` do this thing x times a week . '' that does n't appear to be an option anymore , so this app has become effectively useless .
purchased by premium , getting error can not sync . emailed support , no response . do n't waste your time or money
i just paid for premium as i was told by the app developers that it would enable me to sync my data from my old android phone onto my new android phone . but it fails everytime i click 'sync ' . i sent the developers my feedback but they wo n't get back to me .
not a bad app but the worst customer service and thw widgets dont work once you pay for premium ! just use the free version . your more likely to succeed if you focus on less goals at one time anyhow ! dont buy premium ! ! when it turns out it doesnt work you wont be able to get a refund !
abandoned by the devs - has n't been updated in over a year . sync does n't work at all , which was its main advantage over rival apps . do n't waste your time .
does not send notifications unless the app has been opened recently . completely defeats the purpose of the reminders .
below expectation ... i purchased this app based on glowing user reviews , created an account in order to sync across my devices , however i find that if i create a habit on one device it does n't show up on my other device . this needs to be addressed immediately .
hello team , i bought the complete package in feb 2015. however when i am trying to use habitbull premium + extra , it says no account found in database . can you please help me with this ? your support team is also not responding to the the ticket which i have raised earlier support ticket opened [ # 388906 ]
do n't buy the primium subscription , the app does not sync as it says . also , support never answer .
sync is n't working . no response to emails . no updates for ages .
does not sync across my devices , which it claimed it does . only reason i purchased . looking for my refund .
got hold of the premium version with high expectations but was disappointed on getting to know that the habits created on a device is not appearing on another device with the same account . going back to `` loop '' .
i had and paid for the premium version back then when it was called `` habit bull '' i loved it but since now they changed to `` habit tracker '' i no longer have the premium add ons and they expect for me to pay again . no thanks .
cash grab , and nothing more . purchased the app a year ago but now due to an issue on the account being asked to pay for it again . very disappointed and no response from seller . last update was 1 year ago so as far as i am concerned the developer abondoned it .
does not log in . after 5 minites it 's still trying to log itself in .
can only track five habits without premium : face_with_rolling_eyes : :face_with_rolling_eyes : five habits i can just write down in a notebook instead of waiting my time with this app , i wanted to use it to build good habits for 2019 but i 'm not gon na pay money to do something i can do with a pen and paper
twice lost all data b/c would n't sync . had over a year of data . had premium and still did n't make a difference . moving on . just done . so upset !
i love the app , but it wo n't sync .
the premium version of the app does not sync across multiple devices . i use an android phone and a chromebook and it still does not work . do n't bother with premium .
i have an error that makes me unable to sync due to a connection error though clearly i am connected to the internet . i am a premium user . the app is great but please help me with my problem . i 'm tired of taking screenshots of all my pages every week as my remedy for the sync error .
i just bought premium and realized i made a mistake right away ! it told me to register to sync my data and i did . sync option would n't do anything . i was n't able to set a username because of some unknown error all the time . then half the screen was empty and i decided it was a glitch and reinstalled it and now all my data is gone ! so stupid ! i just paid 10 bucks to be able to create more than 5 habits and i lost everything ! do n't recommend this app , so disappointed ...
guess i ca n't use this app after paying for premium : anguished_face :
reducing to one star because it is not possible either sync the data with cloud or backup locally inspite using the paid version and the developer is not bothered to rectify the issue
update 2020 : sadly they did n't reach out to me despite me paying for premium version . lost my account and no means of logging back in . otherwise , the app is good especially the ui . like this app but until recently i had to change phones and the database could not locate my email and the app changed names and logo so it 's all confusing . if you could help me locate my account as i bought the premium version but couldnt log in to my account . please help because i want to use this great app !
app was good in past but not anymore , it has stopped sync and many bugs creeped in due to no maintenance and update since . as per details in app page , last update was on 28th jun 2018 , but still it is the first thing that comes in results when i search for `` habit '' : astonished_face : i guess google should stop advertising an app that is not managed since years .
sync does n't work despite having a lifetime premium account , as others have said .
used to be good , now support is gone and ca n't sync devices anymore . pity
the app itself is great . i used it quite regularly a few years back but when i tried to use it again it seems that the 'new ' owners do n't acknowledge their 'lifetime ' subscription . sure hope my emails get more results besides ... /ignore kthnxbye sent an email ... they said they opened a ticket and then ... crickets . nice .. thanks , downgraded to
not updated anymore . unstable
do n't buy the premium version of this app . synching does n't work . stick with the free version , which would be 4 stars
nobody use this app . read all the forums . the app does not support the sync once you 've bought premium . everyone 's saying the same . and the devs do not respond to help requests . i have an error that makes me unable to sync due to a connection error though clearly i am connected to the internet . i am a premium user . the app is great but please help me with my problem . i 'm tired of taking screenshots of all my pages every week as my remedy for the sync error .
dear developers , when syncing will be fixed ? thanks
after purchase , sync is not working . then y sholud i purchase this app . profile name is empty , while editing it says `` something went wrong '' . and so on
ugly ui jiss . fb login dosent work .
i bought the premium version and it will not sync . i have snet numerous requests to support and have received no responses
used to be awesome , now i ca n't sync , log out or save changes made to habits . the quotes is stuck on same one . i have changed passwords , uninstalled and reinstalled , emailed your company and all but deleted app as it no longer keeps record . please resolve .
spamming me to rate . well here you go ....
i have premium app , sync is not working , no repply from developer . just waist of money .
update : dropped 5 star rating to 1star . app will not sync . i have it on android and ipad , and neither one of them will sync to the server . app store shows 8 months since any updates . would not have paid for premium if i knew it was n't going to be maintained . original review : i wanted to make something like this myself , but they 've already done a great job . i feel more obligated to the daily habits i 'm trying to build , and it 's great that it tracks my completion streaks .
app crashes
this app lost all my data . i would sync every day but when i had to reinstall and tried to sync-nothing . i had paid the money for premium but now it wants me to pay again .
the idea behind the app is good . although , after paying for premium , the promised cloud sync does not work ( several users mention the same issue ) . there is no way of backup the data either . i can not see any feedback from devs here . switched to a different app : `` habits . ''
if it 's a passion project i 'd be willing to support the creator , but this seems to now be held by just a shell holding .
premium does not work . false advertising !
find a new app . overall if you havent noticed , the dev 's left this app . as of recently , the servers are dead . this means you cant make an account , forums are gone , motivation pictures gone , etc . find a new app ,
how do i get a refund ?
i was enjoying this app and decided to buy the premium features . but they took the money and provided nothing at all . i tries contacting the developer via email and no answer at all . stay away .
i have been using the app from the last 3 years . i am a premium user . when trying to sign in a new device and sync , it 's not syncing . i need my data . please help with this issue . even after reaching to the support team tonnes of times no one is responding . so i am changing the rating from 3 to 1 .
vorrei avere indietro i miei soldi visto che il login non funziona e che non sembra esistere un'assistenza tecnica . i want my money back since i can not login
do n't install this app.this is forgery . i 've used this app for more than 2 years when i changed my mobile phone i could n't login when i logged in it says `` this email account is not in our database '' i have the mail to prove that i had had the account in the app.i mailed the company 4-5 times but there 's no reply . 2 years of my habit data is lost .
decent , but premium features like sync do not work , ca n't even reimport data you exported yourself . had i realized this i would have never have bought the app , it 's just false advertising . i now have to figure out how to port my data to another app where it wo n't be inevitably lost .
do not pay for the app . sync does n't work , they dont support the app but they are always ready to take your money .
after installing this app my phone received an increased amount of spam calls . after removing the app from my phone i received fewer spam calls . it might be a coincidence ... but it might not be .
* update * 11/02/20 use at your own risk ! as expected , no contact from developers . app has not been updated since 2018. this app was great for a month until it kept freezing my phone . a de/reinstall has now lost all my data and looking at other users with this issue , it looks like it is lost forever because of the sync function never working and no contact from developers . very upset and disappointed .
the app itself gets the job done , but it will not sync and the developer is not responsive to questions . do n't waste your money with premium . you wo n't get what you pay for .
i paid for habitbull premium for the sync functionality , which fully does not work . i 've tried reinstalling the app , reinstalling android , getting a new phone . no luck . emailed habitbull a month ago and still no reply . if i want to take a backup i have to screenshot everything . not ideal apart from this the app is decent . it 's got a cute meme
stealing in 2020 : make an app , call it habitbull , make people buy it , remove it from playstore , republish the same app with a different name .
paid for premium . sync does not work . publisher does not reply . started reading reviews and found numerous people with the same problem . going to try to get my money back . nice app if you do n't care about backups or syncing between devices or customer support . switched to goalify and finding them extremely responsive
updating my previous review . i recently hit the two year mark on one of my habits , yet the app only shows me of having 30 days . this is the same bug i reported last year . it appears that it does not recognize some of my habits over the new year . i 've reported this problem four times now and have never heard back from anyone . i 'm giving up on this app , and suggest you do too . `` i 've used this for a couple of years . there was a bug where one week of my tracking was n't recognized by the app . this happened the week of new years . i reached out to the developer five times about it and never heard back . unfortunately , this has become an unreliable app for tracking . ''
this app doesnt sync data .
the widget and sync functions does not work on premium . i get the widget error telling me to log in but i already have and even reinstalled the app . nothing works . developer , please fix this .
no further improvement . ui is kinda suck , there are many better alternatives
this was a great app but it has n't been updated since 2018 and sadly it be can become unusable in an instant with no fixes in sight . i can not recommend this app . i would try something similar maybe open sources , or with dev support
paid for premium so i could sync between devices , but it does n't work and customer service will not respond to my inquiries .
paid premium , it does n't sync at all . costumer service unresponsive for a long time . do n't spend money on premium , this app is dead , the last update was in 2018
good app , but no updates even after sending few suggestions . what is the point in buying paid version .
sync not working . do n't buy in-app purchase .
paid for premium . does not sync .
failed to connect to facebook
facebook login fails with an error from facebook saying the login method has n't bee implemented correctly .
lost all my data when i moved to ios
hyper masculine tone is very off-putting and irritating . hint to developers : women try to change habits too ! at least give us the option of just having hints in our own words ...
paid for the premium app last year , now there is no history of my email address ever being registered despite me having the confirmation emails from them when i first paid for it . lots of complaints on here . get one of the open source habit trackers & back it up yourself to cloud storage rather than spending money with devs who change the app name slightly & try to charge again . seen this happen so many times .
does not sync across my devices , which it claimed it does . only reason i purchased . looking for my refund .
it 's working anymore after paying for premium
does not log in . after 5 minites it 's still trying to log itself in .
had accumulated 5 habits that lasted 17 days and counting ( now using a different app . ) this pathetic app that i paid premium for , would not sync . `` check internet connection '' every damn time . i paid for the damn app , sadly probably past my refund day !
unsupported . doesnt contain sync feature . would n't issue refund . to the makers and google , get on your hands and knees and repent to g * d
why are you counting inactive habits for the 5 habits total ? it 's ridiculous ! there are many other apps that do n't have this silly , cash grabbing limit .
online sync is no longer working and last update was june 2018 which is more than a year . is there a reason why i should continue using this app ?
absolutely do not upgrade to premium . it does not work . it does not sync . the developer does not respond . google play will not give a refund . the frees app is flexible . you can track yes/no and count per day habits . the count per day can be any criterion you want , minutes , calories , quantity .
`` high background usage '' sorry , ca n't waste my battery spyware like this
very bad premium services , developers are not taking care of this app anymore
please add reminder : loudly_crying_face : or show me how to sett
lies ! no multi-device syncing on premium
abandoned by the devs - has n't been updated in over a year . sync does n't work at all , which was its main advantage over rival apps . do n't waste your time .
was really enjoying the app but now the widgets stopped working .
app did n't sync at all ! ! ! i lost almost 6 months and it turned out all users had the same issue and requested a refund , i need my money or solve it now this is cheating
premium subscription for such a simple app is greedy .
expensive , old and without any support . also much better alternatives are available now .
i like the app , but i do n't like rating apps , and this one constantly nags you to do so with no option for it to stop . even with the paid version , so 1 star for being annoying after i 've given them my money
files lost forver . no updates and broken
awsome application .. i purched it .. but i just want notifation should be blinking on phone like alram clock .. plz add this type of features .. the thing diplys in notifaction should be flash on main screen from last 10 month it 's not getting synchronising .. plz do something @ developer we paid for it
very expensive for a simple app , and quite useless without buying the premium . only tracks 5 habits ? lame . i ca n't believe this is the app advertised in the play store , and still has a high rating because it is garbage . sounds like even if i bought premium it would be worthless for transferring data to a new phone as the app claims , i wo n't even risk it .
broken ! so far , not impressed . i bought this expecting multi-device sync and have n't seen it do that . it would n't even restore a backed up file after logging off then on .
developer is non-responsive . for some reason when downloading the app from the play store it associates with the incorrect google account . i have verified i am downloading the app with my intended account , however it continually associates with the wrong account . it 's not really a big deal , but i was planning to upgrade to premium with my play store credits . the account this app associates to does not have any .
app hasnt synced in 190 days . wo n't let me log out . still loads all my old data from last sync . hasnt been updated since 2018 , that should be the best clue . dont buy ! !
i loved this app . i 've been using it for years . today i have updated it and mh2 premium account just vanished ! now it prompts me to buy premium again . what happened ? could you help me please ? after a few years and after the second time paying for a premium membership and after no one reacted to my complaint , my premium membership and all my data vanished again without any backup as promised . this happens everytime i buy a new phone . very dissapointing . i will not fur sure buy a third premium !
only 5 habits
no longer syncs , no longer supported , so no longer installed on my phone . was a good app . shame : - (
ca n't sign up with email ! !
will not let me register . tried uninstalling and reinstalling . tried both the email login and the facebook login .
need more habit columns for free
no longer syncs .
the last update was more than a year ago and things started to stop working . the company that owns it seems to be a scam . it was a great app , i paid for it and got no support
sync not working anymore
if you pay for premium , you wo n't actually get the premium services ( as other reviewers have noted ) . troubleshooting steps from their site do n't work , and no one responds to the support email . contact google and they 'll reject your refund request .
app no longer supported , data loss likely : was a great app until i needed to migrate to a new phone . the sync feature never worked , and i lost months of habit data . i tried contacting the developer via the supplied email , but zero response . i used to recommend this app to many people , but i 'm done with it .
i have paid for the premium features but the sync is not working . i mailed them but got no response
the app has n't synced for nearly 9 months despite being a premium user . the support team have n't acknowledged my email . it 's a good concept but they 've failed to make it work and do n't provide customer support . check other reviews . go to play.google.store on a web browser . select my account and go to order history . select the ... and it offers you an option to request a refund . that should get the developer to either repair it or take off the premium services it is falsely selling .
only 5 habit you can update
very poor customer support despite being a paid subscriber . strongly recommend against this app . not able to sync across devices and there was no response despite sending mails .
sync is n't working . no response to emails . no updates for ages .
it 's been 1 week since i 'm using the app . the reminder system worked fine for 1day and from next day the reminder system stopped functioning . really disappointed . may be uninstalling the app after few days . hope this helps .
i bought premium and now i ca n't login to the app using facebook . ( and i ca n't login any other way ) i get this message : `` login failed : you ca n't use facebook to log into this app or website because there 's an issue with its implementation of facebook login . ''
gives a cheap buy once option for android users but for apple users a more expensive yearly subscription price , which is very discriminatory .
very simple app to track your progress towards acquiring a habit , the only downside is that you ca n't sync the app as it says `` no internet connection '' when there absolutely is . also , together with this bug all forums are no longer available as well as daily quotes , it 's just gone . previous rating was 5 stars , but with this bug continuing for half a year now i can only give 2 stars .
i really like this app . enough to purchase the premium a few years back , but the app did n't update to premium for me , and there was no response when i contacted the support . seems like i 'm not alone in this experience . do n't put your trust in the developers !
seems like it could be very helpful . getting very frustrated with it always opening on monthly view even though i have weekly view selected in settings . even tried switching it , but no matter what opens on monthly
ca n't see new topics of discussion . also ca n't add discussion topic even though i have excellent internet connection , wi fi or data . please fix . i have no connection issues with any of my other apps .
do not buy premium version ! ! app stopped synching 7/27/2019 and is no longer supported . i got premium to sync to new phone since i 've been using the app for over a year and wanted to keep tracking . $ 10 wasted ! very disappointing because basic version is great - simple but fully functional and effective for tracking up to 5 habits . good visuals and the ability to make notes . premium = tracking > 5 habits and syncing across devices but no more ! would be 4 stars if still supported and worked .
customer support is completely unresponsive . i purchased the upgraded version and it does n't sync as promised . there has been no help on fb , email , nada . kinda sucks tbh . the app is nice . the android widget is what makes it great . plz fix the sync issue and i 'll update my review if your customer support reaolves the matter and makes things right with me .
widget freezes , app does not sync . i had a galaxy s7 edge and just got an s10+ . app fails with both phones . regret spending money on this .
great app in the beginning . but once you start skipping days , the notifications become insulting shaming words . for example , calling me a couch potato . which i am not . so dumb . what expert would ever say that insults are motivational ? almost none . i 'd rather use an app based on the principle of kindness , not shaming .
unable to import any data from the .csv file in cloud ! ! ! no option to get any data back ! bought premium and im not happy . beware ! ! !
while i can understand limiting somethings for premium only , i 've never seen an app block widgets behind a pay wall and quite frankly this is only useful to me if i can keep track of things on the homescreen . maybe i would have liked it but so far i havent used it because i keep forgetting its there .
worked well for a few days and then just stopped sending reminders . the reminders would pop up if i opened the app myself but that 's obviously not the point of a reminder . also , froze a lot . pretty much useless . when it worked , it was excellent .
the tracker itself is not bad but i set up a notification to remind me to do something and am not getting them . i already checked my settings , all is good . it 's nice if you remember to go in and mark done but notifications are not working .
good design , simple and clear but with the option to dig down for more details . however , they do n't respond to emails and have n't released an update in over a year . seems like this project was abandoned .
used to be a great app , but i 've moved phones , but the sync did not work and all tracking data has been lost . even after having paid $ 18 for premium . very much a shame .
sync no longer works . also app has been buggy lately - closes down and does not respond . i 'm now using loop habit tracker which is more stable .
ca n't choose when to start . i like setting goals/habits for advance dates once i 'm done with one+ . also , you ca n't edit a habit/goal to start over , you have to delete and start new . does n't save your previous habits/goals to do again .
the motivational messages are annoying . you can only track up to 5 habits in the free version but it is totally not worth paying for more . good riddance . i suppo this kind of app is just not for me .
i loved the app and purchased it to help my son keep up with studying . i paid for the premium account which indicates you can log in on multiple devices both ios and android . after setting it up on my phone , which was easy but took some time , when i tried logging onto my son 's phone it did n't recognize the account . i contacted customer service but did n't hear back . it 's a nice app , really like the features , so this was really disappointing . i could set it up again on his phone but without me being able to monitor on my phone it 's not helpful . i still hope someone can help me fix this or i should get a refund for my purchase .
the app has stopped synching and cant get it working very frustrating . i paid for premium and no one replies to help resolve which is a real shame as the actual app when working is very good .
i liked the app and i purchased it . but i ca n't sync any data from old phone . and when logged out of the app , there is no way to login again except reinstall the app . so if anyone is fine with restart all the progress everytime you change phone , this app is for you . but since i like to keep my progress to the new phone , i am stop using this app and find another one .
reminders are not working . i have an asus zenfone 4 ( should n't matter ) and i have set the reminders multiple times with no success . i feel this is the most important part of this app as i need reminding in order to affectively create a habit . any feedback would be greatly appreciated . my rating my change after feedback .
good app but do n't bother with premium . i bought premium for the `` powerful widgets '' and ability to track extra habits . do n't bother . the widgets are nothing special and if you read the tips section the developer even says it 's best to only track a few habits at a time ! after feeling ripped off i emailed the developer twice requesting a refund but have received no reply . great free app but do n't waste your money on premium .
mixed great app but do n't by premium . wo n't work without play services and developer unresponsive
it 's misleading to list data export as a reason to buy premium , when it is not included with premium . it would be great if you could change this to accurately describe your three tier pricing system . additionally , the platinum purchase option is currently showing me the full price even though it is advertising a 33 % off . the greyed out full price is exactly the same as the 33 % off price . will give higher star review when these are fixed ..
after changing my email , i can not use habitbull 's premium features . i have tried emailing support -- no response -- and finding a way to restore the purchase or even purchase it again , but no such luck . i am forever stuck with the app thinking i have pro , even though i do not . it 's a shame , really , for what is otherwise a fantastic app .
it seems like this app is no longer supported . i 've paid for premium , but sync stopped working several months ago , and developers have not replied to a support request . so - on moving to a new phone - my habits and streaks are now lost . i can see from other reviews that this is a widely reported issue . i guess the app has now been abandoned .
i upgraded to pro after a couple of weeks & initially excited about the app . having used it for a while now i 'm starting to regret my purchase . there are some pros but more cons . it 's buggy , does n't sync well at all across devices , the ui is very cluttered , the forum needs serious updating , a search tool for eg . the last update was ages ago , given how pricey this is you 'd think the developers would make it worth it but they seem to have disappeared !
unable to log in , unable to create a new account or link to facebook
i like how the app has options to write notes/journals for each day . it gives you the option to reflect on how you stuck to your habits . most other apps do n't have this feature . that said , i 'm rating the app two stars because the notifications do n't work for me . i have set times for reminders throughout the day , but the app sends me random notifications ( reminders ) when i do n't want them . and on other days , no notifications at all . no app updates from the developer in over a year either .
the app is good to use overall . except , as a number of other folks have said , it does not sync . and there is no response from the developer on this issue . annoying to have paid for an app that claimed the sync feature , when it does n't actually work . what that means is you lose all history every time you change the phone .
i had my phone switched off one day at the time my reminder usually pops up . ever since then i 've not got notifications at all , no matter if i try reset them or whatever . kinda annoying because the calendar app on my phone has also stopped giving notifications lately so i keep forgetting to take my medication .
i love the ease of the application and the setup . i do n't like that the way they send you reminders that are sometimes rude or shame-based . it does n't make me want to try any harder when i get scolded for not fulfilling my goals . positive encouragement as the best way .
i love that you can chose x amount of days a week to complete a habit , other apps force you to commit to specific days , the flexibility in this app helps me succeed , what i hate about this app is it fails to get my habit completion-for example i did my workout for the day but still receive repeated notices to do said workout for that day . way to drain any joy out of an accomplishment habitbull !
i love this app , but my premium service does n't seem to follow me . i sent multiple emails to get it resolved however i 'm only getting autogenerated response emails .
i was testing this to replace fabulous . so far the notifications are not persistent enough . fabulous is able to wake me up in the morning .
hello habitbull team , i need to check all features in premium version so can you give me access to premium version for 2 days so that i can try all features and check if the feature that i need is present or not and then buy premium version .
this would be great if it did n't require me to mark negatives . in other words , it requires me to mark everyday i did not do something , such as smoke a cigarette or drink alcohol . this is overly cumbersome over time and is going to cause me to stop using the app because i do n't want to have to check everything that did n't happen . this could be much better if it assumes i did n't drink or smoke if i did n't make any mark for that day . or at least give me the option to do it this way .
too much configuration , not very intuitive , i 'm looking for something simple that only counts something for the day , not to set goals , reminders , notes , and all that overload of information that keep jumping from screen to screen , not looking for enterprise app just for personal use .
app is very good for what it is , but the sync feature stopped working for me . the faq says it 's due to a rooted phone but this happened twice on non-rooted phones . habitbull offers no support to fix . 2 stars bec it works standalone , but if you need syncing know there 's a risk of permanent failure .
claims syncing but it always fails to sync . lost all data when got new phone . donwgrading to two stars .
having trouble syncing on new device ; says there is no internet connection but my connection is strong .
ca n't sync ! ! i paid to have the ability to make more tasks , but that 's about all it 's good for .
love and use the app but sync feature does not work and my attempts at eliciting support from customer service have gone unanswered which is disappointing .
fine for tracking , but the reminders stop working after a couple of weeks ( this has happened with every new habit i 've set up , and i have a premium account ) and the developer does n't respond to support requests .
i like the overall app . it is the best . but even after setting the reminder for my habits . i do not receive any notification or reminder . i have checked with my notification settings for this app and it is turned on .
i like that it allows specific habits , i do n't like that it does not give proper percentages of how much you 've done your habits . after using it about a month i deleted it , because even though i was doing almost every habit 100 % , it kept giving me < 50 % . it was demoralizing .
syncing devices does n't work , even after reading and applying suggestions in the faq of the website ...
i would not recommend this app bc of an essential flaw in design - it does n't allow you to just type in habit , instead it quizzes you . so , a simple act of just typing what you 'd like to do turns into this crazy and overly complicated thing .
i bought the premium . and i ca n't sync the data between my devices .
i 'm changing the rating into two stars because the sync feature which previously work fine has no longer work . looking at the last update i feel like the developer had abandoned this apps , which is quite sad considering this usef to be the best apps on building habit .
worked really well , however the widgets work for a day then wo n't respond unless removed and re-added . . . eevveerryy day . wo n't remember to actually use it without the widgets , so its useless now . not worth paying extra .
used to be my favorite app ! changed phones and it does n't recognize my premium purchase . i 've been emailing for support for two months with no response . so disappointed .
password reset is broken , can not transfer it to a new cell phone . think twice before buying this app . the habit-related side is good , however - this is why i bought it .
loading takes too long and reminders do n't work .
had annoyances with the ui , the font was too big for me and i could n't see a lot of things at once . and for all its gimmicks , it 's really just a simple app .
love the app . would love a version for windows/chrome to use on pc . also i bought a premium version and now when i opened the app after 4 months it has reset itself to the non-premium version .
really ? $ 8 for a habit tracker ? there are other apps that do the same thing for far less money . i do n't mind paying for apps , but this seems like price gouging . oh , and it 's $ 10 if you want the ability to export your data !
free version allows only up to 5 habits to be added , but app description does n't mention it . had to spend an hour setting up habits then uninstall the app and find a new one .
it 's not worth the premium . i tried to get a refund because it was n't what i thought it would be and no one has contacted me . they claim to read every single email but ca n't reply to a paid customer . i will be deleting this app and regretting the $ 8 purchase
i buy the platinum app , but the reminders does n't work ! ! ! please fix it ! . it 's a great app but the reminders are very important to me .
works ok on galaxy note 8 but constant crash notifications . ca n't even log on to the tablet version let alone sync accounts . in the end all data lost and so am i .
widget request : please could you add a feature that pushes undone tasks to the top of the widget ? or an option that removes done tasks from the widget . good job on the app otheriwise , i 'll repurchase if you can add this , love the snooze function .
i m just very lazy enough to use this app plus this app is not based on concept of habit building.let 's see how habbit is built u do task u get reward but here for sake of reward u only get dots connected in pattern that 's not motivating instead u can give some offers as reward .
paid for this years ago and used it on another device . now i have a new phone and when i 'm trying to login it says my email address is not in the database .
worked well but i uninstalled it . the water tracker randomly puts four digit numbers during the day . i found another app that met my needs .
i like this app but one thing that i hate , why do i have to be member of premiums ( i mean why do i have to pay ? ) if i want to track up more than 5 habit ? this is a free app right ? please can you consider or change something about it
the moderation of the discussion bards in the app leaves something to be desired . needs better moderation .
started off really well but has stopped working properly now . great shame as it has a lot of promise .
the app is constantly loading and you ca n't even record your habits , and reminders do n't work also , having just 5 habits free is bad too .
none of the notifications work . other people in the forums teport similar problems bht no fix . the app is nice but it isnt nearly as functional without notifications
free version gives only 5 habits , there are far clearer and better trackers available for free .
only 5 free without telling users upfront that you will have to pay for more . always about the money . sorry i wasted time on setting this up .
great app but waaay to complicated , deleted it and replaced with a different simpler app . interface looks cool though .
bought premium version , did n't get upgrade , sent proof of payment , still no response . not good
i do n't like the layout at all . i want it to be much more simple and quick to edit my daily tasks .
i liked the app until it told me i could only have 5 goals . : (
i 've set a reminder for me to drink water ... it does n't remind at all ! ! !
too expensive and without paying , there 's no backup . there 's free apps that do the same thing .
two stars because facebook login is not fixed for an year . is this application still supported by the dev team ?
free version is all you need , paid version is overpriced and a waste of google credits
too much fluff . difficult to see the actual progress .
the layout was good but it only lets you track 5 habits for free
only 5 items on free version . would be nice to have that clear so i do n't have to waste my time and give out my email .
well , it is good and motivational , but i do n't get notifications for the reminder . moreover , you have to pay for the widget
paid widget feature ! ! ! ! ! one thing that downplays all other .
not a bad app but dont pay for the premium . the widgets dont work ! !
free version only supports 5 habits which is basically nothing
all my habits ended on 29/12/2019 . it was not linked to 30/12/2019 . i dunno why ?
the motivation pics stopped at some level and dont want to be changed , pls solve this issue
only a few habits for free , not worth paying for
it stops sending notifications randomly .
unable to register via manual and via fb
it is completely failing on reminders !
crashes on sign in on my pixel 2 xl
i could not figure out how to set reminders . and i did not want to `` register ''
the app requires premium membership to use the widget . defeats the point for me
useless ! you need a premium account to use widgets
please add a feature that make me add a friend to the habit such as habit competition app : sad_but_relieved_face : i ca n't live without this feature
can not sync . what is going on ?
could n't login with facebook
edit : initially gave it 4.5 stars . the app itself still works fine , but the sync stopped working about a year ago . that 's the main reason i paid for the premium version . i messaged the developer about it and never heard back . wonder if it 's been abandoned by the developer ?
seems like it could be very helpful . getting very frustrated with it always opening on monthly view even though i have weekly view selected in settings . even tried switching it , but no matter what opens on monthly
i liked it when i first got it several years ago . but after installing it on several devices , i found it does not sync with the other instances of it . after getting no response from their support desk , i uninstalled the three apps from the three devices and reinstalled them using my google account in case i had not logged in with the same account on all . the three new instantiations do not sync . the help desk is non-existent . the idea is good but the app is defective .
very simple app to track your progress towards acquiring a habit , the only downside is that you ca n't sync the app as it says `` no internet connection '' when there absolutely is . also , together with this bug all forums are no longer available as well as daily quotes , it 's just gone . previous rating was 5 stars , but with this bug continuing for half a year now i can only give 2 stars .
widget freezes , app does not sync . i had a galaxy s7 edge and just got an s10+ . app fails with both phones . regret spending money on this .
unable to import any data from the .csv file in cloud ! ! ! no option to get any data back ! bought premium and im not happy . beware ! ! !
ca n't see new topics of discussion . also ca n't add discussion topic even though i have excellent internet connection , wi fi or data . please fix . i have no connection issues with any of my other apps .
loading takes too long and reminders do n't work .
unable to log in , unable to create a new account or link to facebook
the moderation of the discussion bards in the app leaves something to be desired . needs better moderation .
sync no longer works . also app has been buggy lately - closes down and does not respond . i 'm now using loop habit tracker which is more stable .
hello habitbull team , i need to check all features in premium version so can you give me access to premium version for 2 days so that i can try all features and check if the feature that i need is present or not and then buy premium version .
i 've been using this app for more than 5 years , it was great . but currently i changed my phone and found out that syncing does n't work anymore : ( it says something like `` no internet connection '' . so at the end i have to use another app .
i really like this app . enough to purchase the premium a few years back , but the app did n't update to premium for me , and there was no response when i contacted the support . seems like i 'm not alone in this experience . do n't put your trust in the developers !
mixed great app but do n't by premium . wo n't work without play services and developer unresponsive
edit/update - purchased premium . sync does n't work . a quick glance at developers fb/twitter accounts shows that they have basically dropped off the face of the earth ( no activity since 2018 ) . app has n't received an update since 2018. my suggestion : pick an app that 's still actively developed . exactly what i have been looking for . fantastic interface and thoughtful design . i 'm hooked guys !
worked fine for months , now it does n't track habits the way i set them . it treats every day as its own success or failure regardless of how i have set it up . going to have to uninstall and find a new habit tracking app .
the motivational messages are annoying . you can only track up to 5 habits in the free version but it is totally not worth paying for more . good riddance . i suppo this kind of app is just not for me .
the tracker itself is not bad but i set up a notification to remind me to do something and am not getting them . i already checked my settings , all is good . it 's nice if you remember to go in and mark done but notifications are not working .
ca n't choose when to start . i like setting goals/habits for advance dates once i 'm done with one+ . also , you ca n't edit a habit/goal to start over , you have to delete and start new . does n't save your previous habits/goals to do again .
i liked the app until it told me i could only have 5 goals . : (
all my habits ended on 29/12/2019 . it was not linked to 30/12/2019 . i dunno why ?
the * only * part of this app that does n't impress me is the widgets , everything else is beautiful ! good visual layouts , simple quick tracking , but enough features to be flexible for different needs . update 12/30/2019 : the app no longer syncs and does not import data . i 've got a handy cvs export with 3,000+ lines of habit data , thank goodness , but can no longer reccomend the app if it requires manual input to restore data .
i had to buy this app because i need that larger widget to fit my needs , and you can not test it out with the free version . sadly , it 's too buggy to be of any use , at least on the aio launcher . still overall better than my last habits tracker , but i feel ripped off .
customer support is completely unresponsive . i purchased the upgraded version and it does n't sync as promised . there has been no help on fb , email , nada . kinda sucks tbh . the app is nice . the android widget is what makes it great . plz fix the sync issue and i 'll update my review if your customer support reaolves the matter and makes things right with me .
only 5 items on free version . would be nice to have that clear so i do n't have to waste my time and give out my email .
love and use the app but sync feature does not work and my attempts at eliciting support from customer service have gone unanswered which is disappointing .
worked well for a few days and then just stopped sending reminders . the reminders would pop up if i opened the app myself but that 's obviously not the point of a reminder . also , froze a lot . pretty much useless . when it worked , it was excellent .
ca n't sync ! ! i paid to have the ability to make more tasks , but that 's about all it 's good for .
i love this app , but my premium service does n't seem to follow me . i sent multiple emails to get it resolved however i 'm only getting autogenerated response emails .
i really think the math is off on this . logically it does not make sense that if you have a good day your percentage of success goes up by 1 , but if you have a bad day it goes down 20 % . that really defeats the point of motivation and self forgiveness .
the app has stopped synching and cant get it working very frustrating . i paid for premium and no one replies to help resolve which is a real shame as the actual app when working is very good .
used to be a great app , but i 've moved phones , but the sync did not work and all tracking data has been lost . even after having paid $ 18 for premium . very much a shame .
i was testing this to replace fabulous . so far the notifications are not persistent enough . fabulous is able to wake me up in the morning .
do not buy premium version ! ! app stopped synching 7/27/2019 and is no longer supported . i got premium to sync to new phone since i 've been using the app for over a year and wanted to keep tracking . $ 10 wasted ! very disappointing because basic version is great - simple but fully functional and effective for tracking up to 5 habits . good visuals and the ability to make notes . premium = tracking > 5 habits and syncing across devices but no more ! would be 4 stars if still supported and worked .
having trouble syncing on new device ; says there is no internet connection but my connection is strong .
while i can understand limiting somethings for premium only , i 've never seen an app block widgets behind a pay wall and quite frankly this is only useful to me if i can keep track of things on the homescreen . maybe i would have liked it but so far i havent used it because i keep forgetting its there .
too much fluff . difficult to see the actual progress .
i bought the premium . and i ca n't sync the data between my devices .
syncing devices does n't work , even after reading and applying suggestions in the faq of the website ...
good design , simple and clear but with the option to dig down for more details . however , they do n't respond to emails and have n't released an update in over a year . seems like this project was abandoned .
claims syncing but it always fails to sync . lost all data when got new phone . donwgrading to two stars .
i 've set a reminder for me to drink water ... it does n't remind at all ! ! !
app has n't been updated , ca n't sync , ca n't import habits , this was a good app , shame that i have to switch
great app in the beginning . but once you start skipping days , the notifications become insulting shaming words . for example , calling me a couch potato . which i am not . so dumb . what expert would ever say that insults are motivational ? almost none . i 'd rather use an app based on the principle of kindness , not shaming .
the app is good to use overall . except , as a number of other folks have said , it does not sync . and there is no response from the developer on this issue . annoying to have paid for an app that claimed the sync feature , when it does n't actually work . what that means is you lose all history every time you change the phone .
really ? $ 8 for a habit tracker ? there are other apps that do the same thing for far less money . i do n't mind paying for apps , but this seems like price gouging . oh , and it 's $ 10 if you want the ability to export your data !
it seems like this app is no longer supported . i 've paid for premium , but sync stopped working several months ago , and developers have not replied to a support request . so - on moving to a new phone - my habits and streaks are now lost . i can see from other reviews that this is a widely reported issue . i guess the app has now been abandoned .
the app is constantly loading and you ca n't even record your habits , and reminders do n't work also , having just 5 habits free is bad too .
paid widget feature ! ! ! ! ! one thing that downplays all other .
i like how the app has options to write notes/journals for each day . it gives you the option to reflect on how you stuck to your habits . most other apps do n't have this feature . that said , i 'm rating the app two stars because the notifications do n't work for me . i have set times for reminders throughout the day , but the app sends me random notifications ( reminders ) when i do n't want them . and on other days , no notifications at all . no app updates from the developer in over a year either .
does not sync
worked okay for awhile . sync between devices no longer works and i have the paid for premium account . uninstalled on both devices . sync fails on both
i liked the app and i purchased it . but i ca n't sync any data from old phone . and when logged out of the app , there is no way to login again except reinstall the app . so if anyone is fine with restart all the progress everytime you change phone , this app is for you . but since i like to keep my progress to the new phone , i am stop using this app and find another one .
no notification of habit tracks
good app but do n't bother with premium . i bought premium for the `` powerful widgets '' and ability to track extra habits . do n't bother . the widgets are nothing special and if you read the tips section the developer even says it 's best to only track a few habits at a time ! after feeling ripped off i emailed the developer twice requesting a refund but have received no reply . great free app but do n't waste your money on premium .
desde hace unos meses no sirve la sync ni me deja entrar a la cuenta
generalle good and easy to use . unfortunately the sync/backup feature seems to be broken so i ca n't transfer habits to a different device . the csv export is also useless , as theres bo way to open it in a different device .
can not sync . what is going on ?
the app does n't really look like the screenshots . it 's also quite outdated in design . if you do n't mind paying for it then it gets the job done .
i 'm changing the rating into two stars because the sync feature which previously work fine has no longer work . looking at the last update i feel like the developer had abandoned this apps , which is quite sad considering this usef to be the best apps on building habit .
slow updates , bugs
please add a feature that make me add a friend to the habit such as habit competition app : sad_but_relieved_face : i ca n't live without this feature
not a bad app but dont pay for the premium . the widgets dont work ! !
app is very good for what it is , but the sync feature stopped working for me . the faq says it 's due to a rooted phone but this happened twice on non-rooted phones . habitbull offers no support to fix . 2 stars bec it works standalone , but if you need syncing know there 's a risk of permanent failure .
unable to register via manual and via fb
i like that it allows specific habits , i do n't like that it does not give proper percentages of how much you 've done your habits . after using it about a month i deleted it , because even though i was doing almost every habit 100 % , it kept giving me < 50 % . it was demoralizing .
a little too confusing .
good
the app requires premium membership to use the widget . defeats the point for me
i m just very lazy enough to use this app plus this app is not based on concept of habit building.let 's see how habbit is built u do task u get reward but here for sake of reward u only get dots connected in pattern that 's not motivating instead u can give some offers as reward .
worked really well , however the widgets work for a day then wo n't respond unless removed and re-added . . . eevveerryy day . wo n't remember to actually use it without the widgets , so its useless now . not worth paying extra .
could n't login with facebook
it is completely failing on reminders !
i regret buying the premium version , a lot of money for only a minor update . i wish i could get a refund . do not buy the premium version from the app , it does n't worth your money
i upgraded to pro after a couple of weeks & initially excited about the app . having used it for a while now i 'm starting to regret my purchase . there are some pros but more cons . it 's buggy , does n't sync well at all across devices , the ui is very cluttered , the forum needs serious updating , a search tool for eg . the last update was ages ago , given how pricey this is you 'd think the developers would make it worth it but they seem to have disappeared !
please change the logo
terrible ui
i like this app but one thing that i hate , why do i have to be member of premiums ( i mean why do i have to pay ? ) if i want to track up more than 5 habit ? this is a free app right ? please can you consider or change something about it
this would be great if it did n't require me to mark negatives . in other words , it requires me to mark everyday i did not do something , such as smoke a cigarette or drink alcohol . this is overly cumbersome over time and is going to cause me to stop using the app because i do n't want to have to check everything that did n't happen . this could be much better if it assumes i did n't drink or smoke if i did n't make any mark for that day . or at least give me the option to do it this way .
bought premium version , did n't get upgrade , sent proof of payment , still no response . not good
the layout was good but it only lets you track 5 habits for free
it 's not worth the premium . i tried to get a refund because it was n't what i thought it would be and no one has contacted me . they claim to read every single email but ca n't reply to a paid customer . i will be deleting this app and regretting the $ 8 purchase
well , it is good and motivational , but i do n't get notifications for the reminder . moreover , you have to pay for the widget
there needs to be an option on when the habit starts
awesome tracker yet it seems overpriced in my country way more more than the typical range of $ 5 its about $ 10 for me with tax included . also i do n't appreciate the greyed out price being the same as the 33 % claimed discounted price very deceiving . lastly the lack of support for a fingerprint access method is subpart for 2019 .
used to be my favorite app ! changed phones and it does n't recognize my premium purchase . i 've been emailing for support for two months with no response . so disappointed .
too much configuration , not very intuitive , i 'm looking for something simple that only counts something for the day , not to set goals , reminders , notes , and all that overload of information that keep jumping from screen to screen , not looking for enterprise app just for personal use .
i could not figure out how to set reminders . and i did not want to `` register ''
password reset is broken , can not transfer it to a new cell phone . think twice before buying this app . the habit-related side is good , however - this is why i bought it .
i love that you can chose x amount of days a week to complete a habit , other apps force you to commit to specific days , the flexibility in this app helps me succeed , what i hate about this app is it fails to get my habit completion-for example i did my workout for the day but still receive repeated notices to do said workout for that day . way to drain any joy out of an accomplishment habitbull !
free version is all you need , paid version is overpriced and a waste of google credits
i love the ease of the application and the setup . i do n't like that the way they send you reminders that are sometimes rude or shame-based . it does n't make me want to try any harder when i get scolded for not fulfilling my goals . positive encouragement as the best way .
i want to start my week with saturday and it is not available ! only can change between sunday & monday !
useless ! you need a premium account to use widgets
i had my phone switched off one day at the time my reminder usually pops up . ever since then i 've not got notifications at all , no matter if i try reset them or whatever . kinda annoying because the calendar app on my phone has also stopped giving notifications lately so i keep forgetting to take my medication .
started off really well but has stopped working properly now . great shame as it has a lot of promise .
crashes on sign in on my pixel 2 xl
stuck on setting up your account
great app but waaay to complicated , deleted it and replaced with a different simpler app . interface looks cool though .
great app ! just ca n't justify spending $ 8 - $ 10 in order to track more than 5 habits when there are other apps out there i do n't need to pay for to do so . i 'm switching to loop habit tracker . can track as many habits as i want and back everything up , all while being entirely free . plus it 's really nice !
could be a great app except that like another user said , it does not sync between devices when the description claims that it can . that 's a big letdown for me because when used any other of my devices , and when i switched phones , i could n't sync the app up with my data or any habits i 've been tracking , even though i have the premium account . when attempting to sync it always says that there is no internet connection , but there always is . so i ca n't give it a full 5/5 rating , otherwise i might .
i actually really love this app . i used it to create some serious personal progress . i purchased the full app but when i bought a new phone , it would n't let me sign out of my old device and into my new device . i emailed support about it ... crickets . never heard from them . if they can put together a decent support team i would give the app a 5 for sure .
great app so long as you only use the free version which only tracks 5 x habits . used the free version for a couple of weeks then paid £9.49 for the platinum version so i could sync to other devices . really disappointed that the sync option wo n't work , and software support is non existent . for an expensive app i would expect the developers to be as helpful as possible when a customer has an issue but they have completely ignored my request for help !
i really like this app and find it useful for keeping me on track . simple but effective . i used the free version for almost 2 years . at the end of the first year it reset and i lost all of my history . so before the end of the second year i bought the premium version and promptly lost all of my history again . i contacted support to see if they could help and got no response at all . i still recommend it for tracking your habits but do n't expect to keep the info long term or get help if you need it
can only track 5 habits , but there are discussion forums . most of the forums have no activity going on , but there are still a few users to talk to . often times the app no longer syncs me to them , just like right now . the quotes have been stuck , too . developers no longer support this app . do not buy the premium version , as you will not be able to sync across devices . there are no more updates or customer support . this could have been the absolute best habit tracking app . so much wasted potential .
navigation needs work : you can only navigate with the many buttons in the app , the back button closes the app . feature request : has weekly and monthly report , would like a daily report to share with an accountability partner also , would be great to generate report based on category .
the concept has had an extremely positive effect on my life . however i am experiencing bugs with the widgets , where exercises are disappearing . restarting has n't helped .
i think the app is very good , has helped me to keep track of my habits . however i wish there was a function whereby you could postpone a habit for something out of your control i.e . not going to the gym because you 're on holiday . this although a break from the habit does n't feel like it should affect the moments when you are focused and in control of keeping the habit . also how is the success percentage measured if you only have to do the habit a certain number of times a week ?
this is a good app but the data analysis and visualization is fundamentally broken . the score and success percentage function in that they record the success values for the end of each day and then add that to the database . this means unfortunately that your success percentage never goes above your first day , when if you did the thing , you got 100 % . as such , the visualizations are useless . a better solution would be to include rolling means of success percentage by x number of day intervals .
i love this app , i bought the premium version last year and i still ca n't synchronize my data , i have to change my phone and i will lose all the data ! could you fix that ?
the app is good but the reminders for some of the habits are not working . i have bought the pro version .
the app is great . i wanted to use this app as a way to help me to creat a better habit and staying on track with certain things . for me the notifications do n't work unles i open the app and by that point its like my reminders have passed .. other then that easy app to use and navigate .
i think it could be more user-friendly , but maybe i have n't explored it enough . it keeps asking for a rating maybe it will stop now .
went for the premium subscription without a doubt . definitely benefitial to those to use it honestly . edit : everything 's good but after changing phones i 've suffered having to manually copy the same habit list because the sync function just does n't work .
i liked how i could customize everything but my linked google fit didnt update my steps ( i had to input myself ) and my notifications would only go off if i opened the app myself . kind of defeats the purpose of linking and setting up notifications ...
does n't open in weekly view even though i have it set to do so . color scheme could be more attractive , or a greater variety of colors provided to choose from . when you like or dislike a motivational quote , it disappears forever , so if you really like one you should never rate it ! community discussion forum is a nice concept , but there are no dates on the posts , so i have no idea how old they are . otherwise it 's a good tracking app .
its a great app in general , just want a couple of tweaks that would make using it more streamlined . the biggest thing is i have goals that increase incrementally every day , i would love to have a way to have a yes or no that shows that incremental adjustment . also , when inputting numerically set goals , i want to be able to just start typing the number and have it replace the default 0.0 without placing the cursor and backspacing to enter a result . still , the interface is otherwise great !
the app itself is really great . however , if you are going to buy premium , please make an account first , then buy premium . i bought premium without an account and was fine until i switched phones . i could n't buy premium again because the option had disappeared but i did n't have access to premium features . i had even emailed support about the issue and gave the invoice number from google play store . no response . this is enough to make me not use the app again .
it 's easy enough to use as it is , but for a fully paid app , the graphs are incredibly lackluster and basically useless . all you get is some minuscule , measly bar graphs which are tiny ... and get this , they do n't even label the metric you 're tracking as they are displayed in the order in which your goal list is . so unless you memorize that goal # 7 is say exercise daily , you wo n't even know what you 're looking at . additionally , the streaks are glitchy as hell , and often times do not calculate correctly . really wish they also had aggregate goals , for example grouping similar goals together and then tracking the success percent for the aggregate . like say if you have multiple diet goals for no dairy , no gluten , and no sugar , it would be great to group those in the diet category and then see your success there overall and trending graphs . and come on , add some pie charts and the ability to look at graphs in intervals aside from a single month .
great in a lot of ways , but a huge drawback is that you ca n't edit the start date or previous inactivated/activated dates for a habit . so , if you 've been doing a habit for a few weeks before you add it to the program , you ca n't record those two weeks of success in the program . or , if you intentionally stopped a habit for a time period , but did n't inactivate it during your chosen time off , your percentage is dragged down .
not giving 5 stars because of the following reasons : 1. it 's very annoying when you enter into a habit page and you swipe down to scroll down to see stats . but it switches to another habit page . please fix this . it 's counter intuitive . 2. no method to edit the habits online on pc or mac . limits the app to smart phones only . otherwise it 's a good app . does what it is supposed to do .
probably a good app and way to track your new habits but not being able to make a widget without a premium account is ridiculous .
if you delete the app or transfer phones , you will lose everything ! all past progress is gone and you can not get it back . you also can never use that login info again . just keep that in mind . also if you set your habit/goal for example twice a week , you 'll still get reminders everyday . no options to change it to only notify when goal needs to be completed .
love the tracking , love the accountability . i use the widget , but i dont like that you ca n't split habits into `` profile '' type structures . for example , an `` am '' routine list of check offs , and a `` pm '' routine . maybe those and a list of habits you just want to complete daily at any time . that would be a game changer for me . i 've considered other apps because of that one missing feature . i dont like how the widget groups every single habit into one list . i want to split habits up between multiple .
please fix app , can not refresh once again for the second time ! ! topics & pic quote
overall i love this app and find it very useful . my main issue is sometimes my reminders do n't pop up ? which is kind of irritating considering i use it to remember my birth control . when it does n't remind me , i 'll often completely forget to take it or remember a few hours after when i 'm supposed to take it . like i said , love this app and use it to track when i go to the gym or remembering my pills . just wish my reminders would work : (
best habit tracker ✓ edit- can you guys fix the overall habitbull score graph ? it 's not accurate- always trending down no matter what .
it was decent but i remember having to tap so many times just to get it to record your progress . not very streamlined .
i bought the paid verison . it does help us track the habits with simple yes or no questions and by answering with numbers . but habits are n't as simple as it is ... we need other methods to track habits like options to enter time . if i want to develop a habit of waking up by 7 .. it should n't be a yes or no question ... i should be able to enter the time track it over the month .
i like this app and what it can do and am pleased with its functionality . however , having paid for the premium version , i find it annoying beyond belief that i get pop-ups every 2 weeks asking me to leave a review . so , developers , i 've left one but you 've lost 1.5 stars for spamming me with these requests . this should n't happen in a paid app without any opportunity to turn off these notifications .
it ’ s a great app and works great . helps me keep track of whether or not i took pills or did excercises or not . however it lacks the feature of ” multiple times a day ” so if for instance a person was trying to create a habit to do something twice in one day . this app wo n't help since you can only click that you did it once . does anybody know if thier is an app that has this feature ?
habit syncing not working on paid version . app is great , but after phone resets and all my habits data of 2 months is lost . and the app is showing i do n't have a internet connection even though i am writing this review on same internet connection . but other than that app works great , the widget is great and i use it daily .
so far it 's not flexible enough for me . also , there needs to be an option to remove 'general discussion ' from the dash board . there seems to be a startling number of people with goals surrounding masturbation and porn and i just do n't need to see that when i 'm trying to inspire myself to play more music . i 'm going with the stars as a benefit of the doubt as i have n't given it much time but i ca n't see me using this .
the interface is intuitive . i am giving a three because my online data did not sync when i upgraded .
great format and tracking . £7 seems excessive for upgrade feature to use as a widget ... also , people have a form of spirituality rather than a religion : can that not be reflected in the app too , for inclusivity ? removing forum comments would be a great option : an unnecessary distraction .
good app but faulty notifications . the notifications and reminders were working perfectly but they only work now if i open the app . by that point it 's too late . i need the reminders to work to be effective . i purchased the full version .
this habit tracker is fairly good in its own right but there are ways it can be improved a lot . perhaps it can be more specific . perhaps it can become more addictive with certain rewards for teaching certain goals .
i keep getting a popup that habbitbull has stopped working . idk why it was even open in the first place but it is constantly annoying me . and i do n't even see any of actual issues that the crash is causing besides the annoying popup . i 've sent feedback a few times but no response
really enjoying this app but wish i could track more than 5 habits ! !
as great as this app is there is no way to turn off the annoying popups within it . 'rate us ' , 'congrats 10 days in a row ' really ? i can see the result . please add an option to turn off all popups within the app .
the reminder option is not working .... i have paid for premium to use the app to its full potential but unfortunately .... the basic feature of the app to remind you to stick to your schedule with respect to habits you creat dosent work .... kindly help by resolving this issue ... color code options are limited that can be assigmed to the newly added habit
overall great app , but it never gives me notifications so it kind of defeats the purpose of having it .
bull : i 've been using it for 2 weeks and it 's okay , except for the fact that the widget does n't work most of the time . i have to open the app directly to be able to list activities , which renders the widget useless . i paid for the upgrade which makes this issue all the more frustrating !
the app is great but things are n't automatic .. like there 's no notification to make me use the app even though i turned it on in settings , and the quote of the day is constant until i change to next even if days pass by .. it should be set to auto change .. other than these two fixes i love the app !
we would like it more if there was a way to not see explicit messages on how well people are doing opened up by my 8yo caused some conversations we 'd have preferred not to have at grammas so looking for a app we like as much for ease of use and that we can control the explicit messages had to delete off of her phone and will probably be following her
the best app around for tracking habits . but the artificial limitation to 5 habits in the free version coupled with the eye-gouging price of the pro version lost it two stars . i paid , but i am not happy with the price .
i have written 0 or 15 minutes for a 30 minute target , the app still registers it as part of a streak , even after i delete the entry . seems like its just ignoring what i tell it . also , what i really want is an hours per week target
it 's a pretty good app , but its has a serious glitch , the goal day is n't functioning properly . no matter which goal date you set , it will always be the same day you created the task . ( like you finished today )
very nice , very simple , very usefull , but the free mode is too annoyingly limited . looking forward to having the ability to link habits with my wife or friends .
so-so . not as intuitive right off but fine after a little of fiddling around . but the free version only tracks 5 habits and i dont love it enough to see the value in paying for it since there are other apps out there that satisfy the same thing .
seems pretty neat but i miss one feature thst is very important for me : be able to just hit start/stop for tasks thst needs to be done for at least x minutes per day . i dont check or remember time when i start doing something .
dont buy the premium , the widgets do n't work ( the reason i bought premium ) and i set up notifications for each hour to remind me of a task , but the notifications only pop up if you open the app which render the notifications useless . otherwise i enjoy the basic use of the app
do n't get any reminders for the goals inspite of setting it a number of times !
everything is good but i would like to see more then a five slots for habits
great app ! still testing it out so will come back with better rating ... from last time i used it , it worked perfectly no issues ... second time around ... should be interesting .
the hourly reminders do n't work properly . they show up sometimes and sometimes they do n't . it 's unreliable that way . otherwise the app is quite nice .
it 's good . but you can only have 5 habits to track . if you want more ... $ $ $ in displease because it 's like a demo ... : ( but nobody tells you .
does n't save habit data when you switch to a new phone , even using the same login information . wo n't let me choose a start date for my habit either , so it never shows 100 % success like it should .
good simple app and interface , well made . would prefer a free , advert monetization model than sub model . i dont plan to pay monthly and free version is somewhat limited for my purposes .
i am having issues with the purchased premium version but am not getting any reply to my email inquiries . generally i found the app great but this lack of support is really disappointing .
worked great until the app started calling me pet names in the notifications . i 'm not trying to be catcalled by my phone and my natural reaction was to ignore it like i would anyone else who calls me `` sugar '' . i have not formed the habits i wanted to as a result .
so i assume this app is no longer supported by its owner ? last update was summer 2018 and i saw lots of negative reviews here and on twitter about owner not responding at all . wanted to buy premium , but first checked reviews ... ugh , it looked like a really perfect app ! sad .
even though you do n't get full access for free , this app still helps you a lot with habits you want to change . it 's just an organizing tool to motivate you to keep going . worth a try !
not so easy to figure out . i still do n't get how to enter achievements in terms of goals , such as if i practice 15 mins but the goal was 30. no help in app .
5 habits for free version is not enough . instead of limiting habits for free version , disable notifications or cloud storage or inter device sync , theme , calendar support and these similar abilities for free version .
i really like this application . very well done ! my reason for 3 and not 5stars is the lack of any security . no option for fingerprint or pin before viewing what could be sensitive personal information . please add security !
cool layout very easy . push notifications are n't working so it does n't remind me at the time i tell it too but ca n't figure why i allowed notifications so probably a bug .
i have suceeded 100 % and indicates so in the tracker but only says 87 % on the app . one of my goals was yoga on mondays , not sure if it is penalizing me for the other days .
i used this app a few times , but now , facebook login wo n't work . it 'd be a better app if you could just sync it with your google account .
im only doing this because it would not stop telling me give then a rating . ( hence the lower score ) pretty good app and the best part is it has a widget and only a one time fee to have full access to app .
it 's ok but a bit too simple and the inspirational messages do n't change not really very motivating to use this app compared to my previous habit tracker . the app 's look does n't come exciting to look at as well .
i am not satisfied with this app because circles used for completing the habits look very dirty .
good function , weird execution . the program works great , but it has weird way of reminding the user of the habit . like saying hey , tiger '' its just weird
the app is good but the customer support is awful . i tried them a few times asking to transfer my premium account i had on iphone to my samsung phone but got no reply whatsoever .
good app . minus one star because of the constant nagging . and that 's in the paid version . : - (
in this free version , we can add 5 habits only .
synching between my chromebook and phone is a necessity for me and does not work on this app . the color coding for completed tasks is not intuitive .
it is ok. bit too simple really and could do with a little bit of tlc and new features and just some developer input . does the job though .
good app but only counts by day . 5 stars if there was an option to count times a week as well .
lots of unnecessary notifications , the gui is confusing and is missing a few features for a habit tracking app , like splurging only every x days ( but no less ) .
great but when you set a target date it doesnt remain as is and shifts to another day for that month .
works great except for you have to have upgrade to be able to have more than five habits .
unable to set custom notification sound . it uses default sound even after changing . others looks good .
it 's a useful app , have maybe some things to improve like , the habit set up is not very clear or intuitive
used to work great . unfortunetly notifications no longer go off for ir making it useless . have checked they are not blocked
wish i am not able to edit anything in past for future events . if i am crrating any habbit same day onwards , i still can able to edit in past events !
odd that it doesnt count beginning and end of month corrctly in monthly tally
pretty good overall . notifications and reminders do not work most of the time .
used it for 1 day . then forgot to even open it as got into new habit . it kept showing notifications and i kept ignoring it . not much productive for me but app design is good .
hello , i recently shifted to a new phone . i have a premium membership . but i am unable to transfer my data to the new phone . please help !
good idea but glitches ... eg i incorrectly logged a day as performing a habit and could not change the fact i had actually broken the chain ...
shows monthly when startup even after changing it in the settings to show weekly . otherwise all around good app .
it takes a lot of menus and selections to add anything to your list .
a great way to track goals but quite limited in functionaliry and the google fit integration does n't work .
app is awesome n also helps alot but its inbuilt password once forgot do n't opens the app . evertime i need to log out and again log in it . plz solve my issue
the setup seemed nice , but the constant pop ups are so annoying as to make it unusable
i really like the app . maybe just work on improving the graphs a bit more
notifications do not show up . thought i have enabled all permissions and to override dnd , the notifications and reminders do not work .
it 's an okay app but i have found better ones such as i am sober . this needs to be paid for to be useful .
nice app . it 's just i feel their is always space for improvement .
when you start a habit with giving points for it or like at least that and that amount of days , you ca n't just change it back to a simple yes and no habit
no sound in reminders . just vibration . how can i fix it ?
hi ! the reminder feature is not working/ supporting in my phone . also if possible please add support in your app to contact for bugs . thank you .
need to pay to track more than 5 habits and ui does n't look simple or impressive
it works , but i ca n't sync my goals with my tablet ..
it 's good app but it 's not free if you want to add more than 5 habit
great app , lots of ads
it 'd be better if it allowed more than 5 habits to be listed .
i would have loved this app except for the fact that i need to pay to even use it as a widget .
must be a better reminder system to keep user in check . in a busy schedule , one might forget to check in .
limited functionality but reliable .
only premium is good . free version has nothing
this app is good but i ca n't access 5 habit because i need premium to access it : person_gesturing_NO : :person_shrugging :
i need to track not only good habits , but also bad . with this app it is impossible . i do n't want to smoke at least two times in a month or greater to reach my goal , i want to smoke no more then two times in a month or less for success
good app that does it 's supposed to . wish it had some improvements to make it great ( suggestions in the in-app forum )
please build ifftt integration so that any trigger can cause habit to be set as done/up-counted .
the free app is too limited . other than that it 's a good one !
this deserves 5 stars . but i am not able to see discussions since the last one week .
i wish one could back up his habits , otherwise it a good & straight forward app
facebook login not working
awesome features but poor ui . i wish the app is n't so cluttered with low res motivational posters and others ' habits in the community . really dont need know that someone out there is trying not to watch porn for 89 days . why 89 ? who you tryna impress ?
i like the app . but why a habit is limited to once a day . there 's no habit twice a day or more ? i ca n't understand .
not great . why ca n't you put the total number of days completed regardless of streak ?
good app , but sends too many notifications
wish i could track more than 5 habits without paying .
could do with a reward or goal feature when habit followed .
the alarms do n't work . but a good idea
nice but the price is soo high for this .
there is scope of improvement to make it easier
clunky , inflexible , but does the job
app is ok , but you ca n't delete habits and replace with new . what the f ?
the sync feature does n't work .
i wish to have flexible goal like do xx minutes exercise per week/month
i love the concept of habit bull , but it is n't user friendly
cool app but still trying it out .
i paid for the premium app and still get mashed to do a review
this app need to be more compeleted .
gud way to keep in track of our habits
i just started using this app . my week actually starts with saturdays while only sundays and mondays are mentioned . if you could modify this detail that 'd be really appreciated : folded_hands :
too invasive and complicated .
the app does not let me create a widget despite the fact that i have logged in : frowning_face :
kind of confusing to use , but it does what is supposed to
nice but no daily notification come
some privacy please ? why do you millennials think everything needs to be shared ? why ca n't i keep my activity private without sharing with entire world ?
no of activities that we can add is only 5 that 's why i give this 3 : glowing_star :
full package for idr 139000 , got a 33 % discount but still idr 139000
is there a way to get my money back ? i do n't like this app as much as a few others i have . ? ? ?
its ok. i have n't been able to figure out how to get reminds
can you fix google fit integration ? use their movement points ?
it delivers what it promises
it never reminds even thought i 've set the reminder
i m not getting daily reminders for my habits
can only have 5 unless you pay for premium
pretty good app
3 of 5 stars . that 's all .
no updates long time ago
i did n't use yet
it is good but not for me
not really an exciting app
true a unsnecessarypts at r
easy to use
should help you more
need a cleaner gui
pretty average app
it 's a great app and has definitely helped me maintain my habits . i had been gifted premium early on , but i 've found that the features have disappeared and i 'm only seeing the base version . i like it enough that i want to buy it , but i worry about whether it will keep the features based on my experience and other reviews . i 've also found a bug : when i have a goal set to 3x a week as `` success , '' the app does n't recognize when i 've had a successful streak and always shows as 0 successes in the streak section , whereas it 's at 80 % in the `` percent success '' section and many weeks of meeting my goal .
the reminders are helpful , and the app is easy to use , especially when tracking more than one habit . my only quibble is that when i changed phones , it did n't port my records over like the instructions said they would . but i did at least download the records ahead of time . edit : i returned to this app after a hiatus , and not only had it deleted my data , it also essentially deleted me ! i ca n't log in , and when i try to register , it says my email address is already taken .
just changed phone . did n't keep anything from my premium account . ca n't even create a new account without erasing current data ... -2 * for that inconvenience /// has helped me tremendously develop new habits . ui is perfect ! the app and widgets allow quick and easy habit tracking . counting habits are useful , but it would be great to be able to see near misses in order to track improvement better . customization of the interval chosen to calculate percentages would be very helpful .
great app , absolutely love it however ! i paid for the platinum ( premium+ ) yet i am still unable to get any of the premium features . tried adding new goal/habit and it still says i need to get premium to have more than 5. please fix this as i have paid for the service and can not access it .
i loved this app , but recently ( since 31st december 2018 ) the `` chains '' are no longer being made even though i 'm meeting the criteria for the habit . my streaks have been reset at 0 , even though my score has stayed at 100 % . very confusing and annoying ! any help would be greatly appreciated .
i switched from loop to this app because it supports cloud sync . unfortunately , for some reason battery drain is excessive ( 24 % on a mi a1 using android 8.0 ) .
i 've been using loop but got a little frustrated with it because of a couple of glitches . the free version of habitbull only lets you track 5 habits and has a complex format . i like the layout of loop much better and will be sticking with it despite the few problems .
does exactly one thing - tracks habits - but does it well and without pointless bloaty extras ( or ads ) . clean interface . sadly app seems to have been abandoned by developers and premium features like sync no longer work . no way to transfer data .
it talks about habit building , but in effect it does n't help much , apart from giving very subtle reminders of tasks which , to me , were fairly easy to ignore . it does n't really push oneself to break free of lethargy or other excuses which we usually end up giving for not keeping a habit , apart from few motivational text snippets . i would like to request you that as this app is named habitbull , you need to please make it act like a bull . it should lead ( and at times force ) the users to do the right thing . a little more aggressive approach to habit building is what could really help .
app is okay , but the ui is really outdated . there is almost no elements of material design in this app . have a look at an app like airbnb how they nicely used material design - sleek and beautiful .
it 's great though you only get 100 habits in premium . why not unlimited ? not a fan of a glass ceiling model . whats more you cant remove this cap .
there is a glitch in which it do not keeps track of your hours of study my target is 5 he 's and if i studied for 1 hours than i add it and poof next day it shows 8930 hours
would be great , but the layout does n't actually let you succeed in adding habits . thus , useless .
it 's crashing everytime i try to tap on 'reminder ' . thank you it 's really nice but the reminder part is the most important part for me .
i 'm trying to stop sleeping in so late . you have various sleeping requirements but no `` get up before x '' category . gon na have to find a new app i guess . lame .
not going to pay 3.99 for premium or whatever it is to have more than 5 habits tracked ill use you a pen and pad no problem
i paid for the premium version but all my habits records was deleted without explanation . they fix that problem .
there 's this weird bug now where the screen dims and keeps showing the loading sign but you can still use the buttons . please fix it !
the app is good ; however , the `` funny notifications '' are ridiculous and not funny at all . sync does not work .
great app but fix the damn widgets . it keeps on glitching
i have noticed when i write notes and leave the app to find out more info , the app locks which is fine , but what i have written before i leave the app is not saved which can be very annoying . there isnt even a warning or option to save before you leave the app
i must say ur reminder does n't work at all i m not satisfied
only 5 slots in free version and the reminders have n't worked so far . otherwise a great idea .
syncing does n't work , still no reply from support
به حسگر اثرانگشت وصل نمیشه , بک آپ نداره و برنامه حذف بشه اطلاعات پاک میشه , محیط کاربریش خوبه
no funcionan bien las notificaciones y tengo la version de pago
it would be motivational for me if i can set the start date of my goals .
please allow more than five habits in free version
puris make limit at least 10 for free version
not free . free upto only 5 habbits .
good app , but it needs a web application .
3 * + app
user interface is really a big putoff .
ok app
: ox :
wish i could track more than 5 habits without paying .
great app
the app is good but the reminders for some of the habits are not working . i have bought the pro version .
great app ! just ca n't justify spending $ 8 - $ 10 in order to track more than 5 habits when there are other apps out there i do n't need to pay for to do so . i 'm switching to loop habit tracker . can track as many habits as i want and back everything up , all while being entirely free . plus it 's really nice !
the concept has had an extremely positive effect on my life . however i am experiencing bugs with the widgets , where exercises are disappearing . restarting has n't helped .
could be a great app except that like another user said , it does not sync between devices when the description claims that it can . that 's a big letdown for me because when used any other of my devices , and when i switched phones , i could n't sync the app up with my data or any habits i 've been tracking , even though i have the premium account . when attempting to sync it always says that there is no internet connection , but there always is . so i ca n't give it a full 5/5 rating , otherwise i might .
i think it could be more user-friendly , but maybe i have n't explored it enough . it keeps asking for a rating maybe it will stop now .
i actually really love this app . i used it to create some serious personal progress . i purchased the full app but when i bought a new phone , it would n't let me sign out of my old device and into my new device . i emailed support about it ... crickets . never heard from them . if they can put together a decent support team i would give the app a 5 for sure .
there 's this weird bug now where the screen dims and keeps showing the loading sign but you can still use the buttons . please fix it !
everything is good but i would like to see more then a five slots for habits
best habit tracker ✓ edit- can you guys fix the overall habitbull score graph ? it 's not accurate- always trending down no matter what .
in this free version , we can add 5 habits only .
please fix app , can not refresh once again for the second time ! ! topics & pic quote
facebook login not working
i am not satisfied with this app because circles used for completing the habits look very dirty .
i love this app , i bought the premium version last year and i still ca n't synchronize my data , i have to change my phone and i will lose all the data ! could you fix that ?
can only track 5 habits , but there are discussion forums . most of the forums have no activity going on , but there are still a few users to talk to . often times the app no longer syncs me to them , just like right now . the quotes have been stuck , too . developers no longer support this app . do not buy the premium version , as you will not be able to sync across devices . there are no more updates or customer support . this could have been the absolute best habit tracking app . so much wasted potential .
this deserves 5 stars . but i am not able to see discussions since the last one week .
probably a good app and way to track your new habits but not being able to make a widget without a premium account is ridiculous .
great app , lots of ads
navigation needs work : you can only navigate with the many buttons in the app , the back button closes the app . feature request : has weekly and monthly report , would like a daily report to share with an accountability partner also , would be great to generate report based on category .
great app so long as you only use the free version which only tracks 5 x habits . used the free version for a couple of weeks then paid £9.49 for the platinum version so i could sync to other devices . really disappointed that the sync option wo n't work , and software support is non existent . for an expensive app i would expect the developers to be as helpful as possible when a customer has an issue but they have completely ignored my request for help !
i really like this app and find it useful for keeping me on track . simple but effective . i used the free version for almost 2 years . at the end of the first year it reset and i lost all of my history . so before the end of the second year i bought the premium version and promptly lost all of my history again . i contacted support to see if they could help and got no response at all . i still recommend it for tracking your habits but do n't expect to keep the info long term or get help if you need it
really enjoying this app but wish i could track more than 5 habits ! !
too invasive and complicated .
nice app
this is a good app but the data analysis and visualization is fundamentally broken . the score and success percentage function in that they record the success values for the end of each day and then add that to the database . this means unfortunately that your success percentage never goes above your first day , when if you did the thing , you got 100 % . as such , the visualizations are useless . a better solution would be to include rolling means of success percentage by x number of day intervals .
full package for idr 139000 , got a 33 % discount but still idr 139000
it delivers what it promises
it 's a great app and has definitely helped me maintain my habits . i had been gifted premium early on , but i 've found that the features have disappeared and i 'm only seeing the base version . i like it enough that i want to buy it , but i worry about whether it will keep the features based on my experience and other reviews . i 've also found a bug : when i have a goal set to 3x a week as `` success , '' the app does n't recognize when i 've had a successful streak and always shows as 0 successes in the streak section , whereas it 's at 80 % in the `` percent success '' section and many weeks of meeting my goal .
it 's good app but it 's not free if you want to add more than 5 habit
odd that it doesnt count beginning and end of month corrctly in monthly tally
overall great app , but it never gives me notifications so it kind of defeats the purpose of having it .
the interface is intuitive . i am giving a three because my online data did not sync when i upgraded .
no of activities that we can add is only 5 that 's why i give this 3 : glowing_star :
i wish one could back up his habits , otherwise it a good & straight forward app
it was decent but i remember having to tap so many times just to get it to record your progress . not very streamlined .
syncing does n't work , still no reply from support
pretty good app
hello , i recently shifted to a new phone . i have a premium membership . but i am unable to transfer my data to the new phone . please help !
this app is good but i ca n't access 5 habit because i need premium to access it : person_gesturing_NO : :person_shrugging :
i think the app is very good , has helped me to keep track of my habits . however i wish there was a function whereby you could postpone a habit for something out of your control i.e . not going to the gym because you 're on holiday . this although a break from the habit does n't feel like it should affect the moments when you are focused and in control of keeping the habit . also how is the success percentage measured if you only have to do the habit a certain number of times a week ?
does exactly one thing - tracks habits - but does it well and without pointless bloaty extras ( or ads ) . clean interface . sadly app seems to have been abandoned by developers and premium features like sync no longer work . no way to transfer data .
i liked how i could customize everything but my linked google fit didnt update my steps ( i had to input myself ) and my notifications would only go off if i opened the app myself . kind of defeats the purpose of linking and setting up notifications ...
the sync feature does n't work .
limited functionality but reliable .
went for the premium subscription without a doubt . definitely benefitial to those to use it honestly . edit : everything 's good but after changing phones i 've suffered having to manually copy the same habit list because the sync function just does n't work .
the app is great . i wanted to use this app as a way to help me to creat a better habit and staying on track with certain things . for me the notifications do n't work unles i open the app and by that point its like my reminders have passed .. other then that easy app to use and navigate .
do n't get any reminders for the goals inspite of setting it a number of times !
just changed phone . did n't keep anything from my premium account . ca n't even create a new account without erasing current data ... -2 * for that inconvenience /// has helped me tremendously develop new habits . ui is perfect ! the app and widgets allow quick and easy habit tracking . counting habits are useful , but it would be great to be able to see near misses in order to track improvement better . customization of the interval chosen to calculate percentages would be very helpful .
pretty average app
the reminder option is not working .... i have paid for premium to use the app to its full potential but unfortunately .... the basic feature of the app to remind you to stick to your schedule with respect to habits you creat dosent work .... kindly help by resolving this issue ... color code options are limited that can be assigmed to the newly added habit
a great way to track goals but quite limited in functionaliry and the google fit integration does n't work .
habit syncing not working on paid version . app is great , but after phone resets and all my habits data of 2 months is lost . and the app is showing i do n't have a internet connection even though i am writing this review on same internet connection . but other than that app works great , the widget is great and i use it daily .
could do with a reward or goal feature when habit followed .
it 's an okay app but i have found better ones such as i am sober . this needs to be paid for to be useful .
the app does not let me create a widget despite the fact that i have logged in : frowning_face :
lots of unnecessary notifications , the gui is confusing and is missing a few features for a habit tracking app , like splurging only every x days ( but no less ) .
the free app is too limited . other than that it 's a good one !
does n't save habit data when you switch to a new phone , even using the same login information . wo n't let me choose a start date for my habit either , so it never shows 100 % success like it should .
the setup seemed nice , but the constant pop ups are so annoying as to make it unusable
so far it 's not flexible enough for me . also , there needs to be an option to remove 'general discussion ' from the dash board . there seems to be a startling number of people with goals surrounding masturbation and porn and i just do n't need to see that when i 'm trying to inspire myself to play more music . i 'm going with the stars as a benefit of the doubt as i have n't given it much time but i ca n't see me using this .
i just started using this app . my week actually starts with saturdays while only sundays and mondays are mentioned . if you could modify this detail that 'd be really appreciated : folded_hands :
i like this app and what it can do and am pleased with its functionality . however , having paid for the premium version , i find it annoying beyond belief that i get pop-ups every 2 weeks asking me to leave a review . so , developers , i 've left one but you 've lost 1.5 stars for spamming me with these requests . this should n't happen in a paid app without any opportunity to turn off these notifications .
synching between my chromebook and phone is a necessity for me and does not work on this app . the color coding for completed tasks is not intuitive .
app is awesome n also helps alot but its inbuilt password once forgot do n't opens the app . evertime i need to log out and again log in it . plz solve my issue
when you start a habit with giving points for it or like at least that and that amount of days , you ca n't just change it back to a simple yes and no habit
i really like this application . very well done ! my reason for 3 and not 5stars is the lack of any security . no option for fingerprint or pin before viewing what could be sensitive personal information . please add security !
good app but faulty notifications . the notifications and reminders were working perfectly but they only work now if i open the app . by that point it 's too late . i need the reminders to work to be effective . i purchased the full version .
dont buy the premium , the widgets do n't work ( the reason i bought premium ) and i set up notifications for each hour to remind me of a task , but the notifications only pop up if you open the app which render the notifications useless . otherwise i enjoy the basic use of the app
it 's ok but a bit too simple and the inspirational messages do n't change not really very motivating to use this app compared to my previous habit tracker . the app 's look does n't come exciting to look at as well .
i paid for the premium version but all my habits records was deleted without explanation . they fix that problem .
shows monthly when startup even after changing it in the settings to show weekly . otherwise all around good app .
: grinning_face :
good
it ’ s a great app and works great . helps me keep track of whether or not i took pills or did excercises or not . however it lacks the feature of ” multiple times a day ” so if for instance a person was trying to create a habit to do something twice in one day . this app wo n't help since you can only click that you did it once . does anybody know if thier is an app that has this feature ?
i bought the paid verison . it does help us track the habits with simple yes or no questions and by answering with numbers . but habits are n't as simple as it is ... we need other methods to track habits like options to enter time . if i want to develop a habit of waking up by 7 .. it should n't be a yes or no question ... i should be able to enter the time track it over the month .
i really like the app . maybe just work on improving the graphs a bit more
good
the best app around for tracking habits . but the artificial limitation to 5 habits in the free version coupled with the eye-gouging price of the pro version lost it two stars . i paid , but i am not happy with the price .
good app but only counts by day . 5 stars if there was an option to count times a week as well .
great format and tracking . £7 seems excessive for upgrade feature to use as a widget ... also , people have a form of spirituality rather than a religion : can that not be reflected in the app too , for inclusivity ? removing forum comments would be a great option : an unnecessary distraction .
nice but no daily notification come
unable to set custom notification sound . it uses default sound even after changing . others looks good .
notifications do not show up . thought i have enabled all permissions and to override dnd , the notifications and reminders do not work .
i have noticed when i write notes and leave the app to find out more info , the app locks which is fine , but what i have written before i leave the app is not saved which can be very annoying . there isnt even a warning or option to save before you leave the app
good function , weird execution . the program works great , but it has weird way of reminding the user of the habit . like saying hey , tiger '' its just weird
love it
i love the concept of habit bull , but it is n't user friendly
good app . minus one star because of the constant nagging . and that 's in the paid version . : - (
ok app
wish i am not able to edit anything in past for future events . if i am crrating any habbit same day onwards , i still can able to edit in past events !
clunky , inflexible , but does the job
some privacy please ? why do you millennials think everything needs to be shared ? why ca n't i keep my activity private without sharing with entire world ?
its ok. i have n't been able to figure out how to get reminds
kind of confusing to use , but it does what is supposed to
i wish to have flexible goal like do xx minutes exercise per week/month
nice but the price is soo high for this .
the reminders are helpful , and the app is easy to use , especially when tracking more than one habit . my only quibble is that when i changed phones , it did n't port my records over like the instructions said they would . but i did at least download the records ahead of time . edit : i returned to this app after a hiatus , and not only had it deleted my data , it also essentially deleted me ! i ca n't log in , and when i try to register , it says my email address is already taken .
can you fix google fit integration ? use their movement points ?
great but when you set a target date it doesnt remain as is and shifts to another day for that month .
we would like it more if there was a way to not see explicit messages on how well people are doing opened up by my 8yo caused some conversations we 'd have preferred not to have at grammas so looking for a app we like as much for ease of use and that we can control the explicit messages had to delete off of her phone and will probably be following her
there is scope of improvement to make it easier
only premium is good . free version has nothing
seems pretty neat but i miss one feature thst is very important for me : be able to just hit start/stop for tasks thst needs to be done for at least x minutes per day . i dont check or remember time when i start doing something .
must be a better reminder system to keep user in check . in a busy schedule , one might forget to check in .
if you delete the app or transfer phones , you will lose everything ! all past progress is gone and you can not get it back . you also can never use that login info again . just keep that in mind . also if you set your habit/goal for example twice a week , you 'll still get reminders everyday . no options to change it to only notify when goal needs to be completed .
it 's a useful app , have maybe some things to improve like , the habit set up is not very clear or intuitive
good app , but it needs a web application .
app is ok , but you ca n't delete habits and replace with new . what the f ?
i like the app . but why a habit is limited to once a day . there 's no habit twice a day or more ? i ca n't understand .
it takes a lot of menus and selections to add anything to your list .
i have written 0 or 15 minutes for a 30 minute target , the app still registers it as part of a streak , even after i delete the entry . seems like its just ignoring what i tell it . also , what i really want is an hours per week target
please build ifftt integration so that any trigger can cause habit to be set as done/up-counted .
so i assume this app is no longer supported by its owner ? last update was summer 2018 and i saw lots of negative reviews here and on twitter about owner not responding at all . wanted to buy premium , but first checked reviews ... ugh , it looked like a really perfect app ! sad .
3 * + app
nice app . it 's just i feel their is always space for improvement .
this app need to be more compeleted .
this habit tracker is fairly good in its own right but there are ways it can be improved a lot . perhaps it can be more specific . perhaps it can become more addictive with certain rewards for teaching certain goals .
overall i love this app and find it very useful . my main issue is sometimes my reminders do n't pop up ? which is kind of irritating considering i use it to remember my birth control . when it does n't remind me , i 'll often completely forget to take it or remember a few hours after when i 'm supposed to take it . like i said , love this app and use it to track when i go to the gym or remembering my pills . just wish my reminders would work : (
interesting
i have suceeded 100 % and indicates so in the tracker but only says 87 % on the app . one of my goals was yoga on mondays , not sure if it is penalizing me for the other days .
true a unsnecessarypts at r
good app , but sends too many notifications
great in a lot of ways , but a huge drawback is that you ca n't edit the start date or previous inactivated/activated dates for a habit . so , if you 've been doing a habit for a few weeks before you add it to the program , you ca n't record those two weeks of success in the program . or , if you intentionally stopped a habit for a time period , but did n't inactivate it during your chosen time off , your percentage is dragged down .
need to pay to track more than 5 habits and ui does n't look simple or impressive
very nice , very simple , very usefull , but the free mode is too annoyingly limited . looking forward to having the ability to link habits with my wife or friends .
the app is good but the customer support is awful . i tried them a few times asking to transfer my premium account i had on iphone to my samsung phone but got no reply whatsoever .
good simple app and interface , well made . would prefer a free , advert monetization model than sub model . i dont plan to pay monthly and free version is somewhat limited for my purposes .
works great except for you have to have upgrade to be able to have more than five habits .
good app that does it 's supposed to . wish it had some improvements to make it great ( suggestions in the in-app forum )
satisfactory
good app
not really an exciting app
not great . why ca n't you put the total number of days completed regardless of streak ?
no sound in reminders . just vibration . how can i fix it ?
no updates long time ago
i need to track not only good habits , but also bad . with this app it is impossible . i do n't want to smoke at least two times in a month or greater to reach my goal , i want to smoke no more then two times in a month or less for success
cool layout very easy . push notifications are n't working so it does n't remind me at the time i tell it too but ca n't figure why i allowed notifications so probably a bug .
it 's a pretty good app , but its has a serious glitch , the goal day is n't functioning properly . no matter which goal date you set , it will always be the same day you created the task . ( like you finished today )
pretty good overall . notifications and reminders do not work most of the time .
not free . free upto only 5 habbits .
it 'd be better if it allowed more than 5 habits to be listed .
so-so . not as intuitive right off but fine after a little of fiddling around . but the free version only tracks 5 habits and i dont love it enough to see the value in paying for it since there are other apps out there that satisfy the same thing .
hi ! the reminder feature is not working/ supporting in my phone . also if possible please add support in your app to contact for bugs . thank you .
great app ! still testing it out so will come back with better rating ... from last time i used it , it worked perfectly no issues ... second time around ... should be interesting .
im only doing this because it would not stop telling me give then a rating . ( hence the lower score ) pretty good app and the best part is it has a widget and only a one time fee to have full access to app .
can only have 5 unless you pay for premium
i paid for the premium app and still get mashed to do a review
is there a way to get my money back ? i do n't like this app as much as a few others i have . ? ? ?
easy to use
i keep getting a popup that habbitbull has stopped working . idk why it was even open in the first place but it is constantly annoying me . and i do n't even see any of actual issues that the crash is causing besides the annoying popup . i 've sent feedback a few times but no response
i loved this app , but recently ( since 31st december 2018 ) the `` chains '' are no longer being made even though i 'm meeting the criteria for the habit . my streaks have been reset at 0 , even though my score has stayed at 100 % . very confusing and annoying ! any help would be greatly appreciated .
its a great app in general , just want a couple of tweaks that would make using it more streamlined . the biggest thing is i have goals that increase incrementally every day , i would love to have a way to have a yes or no that shows that incremental adjustment . also , when inputting numerically set goals , i want to be able to just start typing the number and have it replace the default 0.0 without placing the cursor and backspacing to enter a result . still , the interface is otherwise great !
awesome features but poor ui . i wish the app is n't so cluttered with low res motivational posters and others ' habits in the community . really dont need know that someone out there is trying not to watch porn for 89 days . why 89 ? who you tryna impress ?
love the tracking , love the accountability . i use the widget , but i dont like that you ca n't split habits into `` profile '' type structures . for example , an `` am '' routine list of check offs , and a `` pm '' routine . maybe those and a list of habits you just want to complete daily at any time . that would be a game changer for me . i 've considered other apps because of that one missing feature . i dont like how the widget groups every single habit into one list . i want to split habits up between multiple .
even though you do n't get full access for free , this app still helps you a lot with habits you want to change . it 's just an organizing tool to motivate you to keep going . worth a try !
good
edit2 : only 5 habits available to track in free version . edit : reinstalled after a while , ca n't log in at all . resetted the password 10 times already , nothing works in app but also ca n't set up a new account with my old email . and i was about to purchase the full version : ( /well designed .
fine
it 's easy enough to use as it is , but for a fully paid app , the graphs are incredibly lackluster and basically useless . all you get is some minuscule , measly bar graphs which are tiny ... and get this , they do n't even label the metric you 're tracking as they are displayed in the order in which your goal list is . so unless you memorize that goal # 7 is say exercise daily , you wo n't even know what you 're looking at . additionally , the streaks are glitchy as hell , and often times do not calculate correctly . really wish they also had aggregate goals , for example grouping similar goals together and then tracking the success percent for the aggregate . like say if you have multiple diet goals for no dairy , no gluten , and no sugar , it would be great to group those in the diet category and then see your success there overall and trending graphs . and come on , add some pie charts and the ability to look at graphs in intervals aside from a single month .
it never reminds even thought i 've set the reminder
cool app but still trying it out .
need a cleaner gui
gud way to keep in track of our habits
as great as this app is there is no way to turn off the annoying popups within it . 'rate us ' , 'congrats 10 days in a row ' really ? i can see the result . please add an option to turn off all popups within the app .
i would have loved this app except for the fact that i need to pay to even use it as a widget .
bull : i 've been using it for 2 weeks and it 's okay , except for the fact that the widget does n't work most of the time . i have to open the app directly to be able to list activities , which renders the widget useless . i paid for the upgrade which makes this issue all the more frustrating !
it is ok. bit too simple really and could do with a little bit of tlc and new features and just some developer input . does the job though .
3 of 5 stars . that 's all .
5 habits for free version is not enough . instead of limiting habits for free version , disable notifications or cloud storage or inter device sync , theme , calendar support and these similar abilities for free version .
it 's good . but you can only have 5 habits to track . if you want more ... $ $ $ in displease because it 's like a demo ... : ( but nobody tells you .
used to work great . unfortunetly notifications no longer go off for ir making it useless . have checked they are not blocked
i m not getting daily reminders for my habits
used it for 1 day . then forgot to even open it as got into new habit . it kept showing notifications and i kept ignoring it . not much productive for me but app design is good .
the app itself is really great . however , if you are going to buy premium , please make an account first , then buy premium . i bought premium without an account and was fine until i switched phones . i could n't buy premium again because the option had disappeared but i did n't have access to premium features . i had even emailed support about the issue and gave the invoice number from google play store . no response . this is enough to make me not use the app again .
i am having issues with the purchased premium version but am not getting any reply to my email inquiries . generally i found the app great but this lack of support is really disappointing .
no funcionan bien las notificaciones y tengo la version de pago
not so easy to figure out . i still do n't get how to enter achievements in terms of goals , such as if i practice 15 mins but the goal was 30. no help in app .
i used this app a few times , but now , facebook login wo n't work . it 'd be a better app if you could just sync it with your google account .
good idea but glitches ... eg i incorrectly logged a day as performing a habit and could not change the fact i had actually broken the chain ...
i did n't use yet
not giving 5 stars because of the following reasons : 1. it 's very annoying when you enter into a habit page and you swipe down to scroll down to see stats . but it switches to another habit page . please fix this . it 's counter intuitive . 2. no method to edit the habits online on pc or mac . limits the app to smart phones only . otherwise it 's a good app . does what it is supposed to do .
it is good but not for me
the app is great but things are n't automatic .. like there 's no notification to make me use the app even though i turned it on in settings , and the quote of the day is constant until i change to next even if days pass by .. it should be set to auto change .. other than these two fixes i love the app !
i wish it had a couple of different features
does n't open in weekly view even though i have it set to do so . color scheme could be more attractive , or a greater variety of colors provided to choose from . when you like or dislike a motivational quote , it disappears forever , so if you really like one you should never rate it ! community discussion forum is a nice concept , but there are no dates on the posts , so i have no idea how old they are . otherwise it 's a good tracking app .
should help you more
worked great until the app started calling me pet names in the notifications . i 'm not trying to be catcalled by my phone and my natural reaction was to ignore it like i would anyone else who calls me `` sugar '' . i have not formed the habits i wanted to as a result .
the alarms do n't work . but a good idea
the hourly reminders do n't work properly . they show up sometimes and sometimes they do n't . it 's unreliable that way . otherwise the app is quite nice .
it works , but i ca n't sync my goals with my tablet ..
i must say ur reminder does n't work at all i m not satisfied
of all the things that this app does great , it tries too much and looks clumsy af . so much to do just to be able to create a habit and be able to track it .
there is a glitch in which it do not keeps track of your hours of study my target is 5 he 's and if i studied for 1 hours than i add it and poof next day it shows 8930 hours
it 's okay .. why not a simple yes/no box instead or colored circles ? it 's really confusing . also not a fan of the general navigation .
it 's good but when do you open the app and see `` all habits '' you ca n't know what is the habits that do you need to do in that day ( today ) . i mean , i have some habits that i just do once a week ( friday ) but when i see all habits ( on a wednesday , for example ) i see that habit there , like if i should do that on the wednesday . would be nice just see the habits that you need to do today . you can do this ?
it would be motivational for me if i can set the start date of my goals .
only 5 slots in free version and the reminders have n't worked so far . otherwise a great idea .
it doesnt work for what i was looking for - something to track my habits , not judge them . i dont want to focus on if i `` succeeded '' that day , i just want to have an idea of where i am in numbers .
in general , this app helps me keep track of my habits , which is great ; however , the app has quite a few bugs , even after buying the premium version , which is disappointing . the sync function does n't work at all and i do n't see any effort to fix these issues . this is one of the rare apps where i wo n't be giving a 5 star review .
i like the app . have been using it for a few months now , and the widgets plus reminders definitely keep me on track . only drawback i 've found is the inability to sync my profile - always fails with 'sync failed , make sure you have a working internet connection ' . have sent in support request , but so far no response . that aside , the app works well , and i can still use it in 'standalone ' mode on my primary android phone .
i like this app , i have used it for a while now and it helps . only reason for 4 stars is that the percentages are frustrating . i managed 122 days straight but it wo n't change from 98 % . i think once you do the full 66 days you should get 100 % . also , would love to be able to highlight a day in the future as a milestone , just different colour so i can say 50 , 100 days etc , as a motivator . it 's great for a free app . we 'll done to the devs on this .
liked the setup so much that i quickly became a premium user . the widget alone is worth it . i love the flexibility the app allows in specifying when i can work on developing a habit . as i am frequently adding habits , i would like to rearrange habits in the list to make it easier to find them . hopefully , this is an easy fix . then this will be a 5-star app .
this app seems to work pretty well . the user forums are n't well managed , but remain useful . habit tracker has never crashed on me , but it does have the annoying habit of changing where in the ui has focus at the time you launch the app . fortunately its easy to navigate .
a good starter app 4 collecting the data you need to better your daily life . limited flexibility , in the free version , but sufficient four basic tracking of self-improvement efforts . easy to get started . and so i can do without cute reminder and encouragement features , they are easy enough to toggle off .
very good and gets the job done , not the prettiest or well designed but certainly not the worst ! it 's exactly how it 's pictured and works fabulously too . no crashing or issues here .
it is all for me about habits i was n't able to work on it but in this one it is so helpful just i have one issue i do n't know if did n't find it or it is not at the program that if u need to remind your self more than one time in the day i just remind my self once a day i do n't know if it in the app or not
havent been using it for a long time but so far so good . however , the paid version should have more features , such a costomizing your own categories . also , the widget should be more customizable , such as font size .
it would be a very good choice for those who want a daily base motivation to make your way to build on the habbit .. try not to break the streak of your habbit goals at any cost from which you can gain the max from this app . well built interface with motivational images loved it : red_heart :
nice app , would like further customization for habits , such as perhaps scores , the better you tackle a habit ( healthier eating today than yesterday resulting in a higher score ) this would make the app much more useful for me , otherwise great app
great habit tracking tool . the widget on the home screen is a great size so i can see quickly how well i 'm doing , and the options at set up are thorough . i 'm tracking all sorts of things and it 's easy to see how i 'm doing . highly recommended . only concern is i 'm having trouble getting a response on a _potential_ issue i have ( not sure it 's real yet , but if it is i 'm concerned ) . otherwise five stars .
this has been very helpful with tracking my habits for hopefully having remission with my fibromyalgia . it sucks that there is only 5 habits you can put in , but if you think about it .. 5 habits is more then enough to start trying to break . go any more and you overwhelm yourself
app is great . helps me keep track of my daily habits . i like how the interface is simple and easy to use . however , i 've been experiencing issues tracking my habits using the widget .
love it ! would like to see a few more details in the graphs . it would be handy if you could scroll through the weeks smoothly instead of one week at a time . the dark version of the app should be the standard imo , it looks cooler ánd it saves power ! i 'd love to have a timer as an option to measure the amount of time spent on a habit . thinking of meditation , breathing exercises .
this app is great , closest i 've found to what i want ! but i wish there was an option to add `` goals '' instead of just `` habits '' and give the goals a bit more options for their completion and reminders . sure , i want to have the habit of eating healthy lunches , but i also want to record my goal of losing a certain amount of weight over a few months . : )
this is by far my favorite habit tracking app ( and i 've tried many ) . i like the weekly view . ( i have an unusual use for this app ..... i use it to track my kids ' school work and i like the weekly view so i can see what they have completed during the week ) . however , i 'm not sure if this app is still being supported ? the last update was over a year ago and they do not respond to inquiries . but the app does still work well .
fun and engaging way to track your goals and form better habits . i 'm still not great at keeping up with it , but the app works well when i spend the time to pay attention to it .
heyyy dear developers .. ! ! love the app .. but have a issue in it .. idk if it is only with me .. the app does n't show any reminder after 1 day of setting a habit goal .. only 1st day it does ..
great app ... i am using it for a while ... functionality wise it the best in the market ... it can get updated in terms of visuals and performance
the tracker has a clean interface and it 's simple to set up habits . i 've only experienced one glitch : sometimes when you 're looking at the calendar view of a habit the heading wo n't show up . if i could improve the app i would make the habit description show up in the habit calendar page . right now you have to click on the habit name to view the description . i would also make an option to include skip days so if you need to skip a habit it does n't count against your streak progress .
it is such a great app to help you manage your time ! i really like the fact that it can set the reminder time in a very specific way , it is perfect for people who have a different schedule everyday . one thing to point out will be the choice of the habit . although you can type it yourself , wont really affect anything , i would like to have more type of habit to choose except for clicking `` other '' . also , it is sad that you need to pay for back up , but it is understandable .
i love it , simple and effective ! is it right that the motivational pics do n't switch anymore ? mine has been stuck on the very same for a year now : (
great app for succeeding with your good habits . the widgets are especially useful since you are constantly reminded if you have n't completed one of your habits . i also like the discussion page but i miss some sort of timestamp to show when the post/comment was posted . sometimes you reply on a post that has been dead for quite a while without knowing it .
love this app , but it only lets you keep track of only 5 habits at once , for more you have to buy premium , but other than that , its great !
just the best . this app has helped me improve at a time i was feeling very down and unable to do anything .. i only wish the notifications worked better .
it 's a good app . i like the encouraging reminders and memes each day . i wish there were just a couple more openings for tracking , but overall it 's good . it does n't eat my battery like the last one i tried . in fact . i 'm readjusting to use in the coming year .
great app .. please add the ability to see when recurring habit is due .. or by automatically completing a habit which is not due , i.e . required once a week for example ..
extremely easy user interface . helpsnin using the app more and note the goals .
simple , easy to use .... makes it very easy to keep track of habits ...
good app , tracks nicely good widget . sometimes notifications can be a bit flaky .
its the best app when it comes to tracking your progress but one problem thats why i didnt give it a 5 star when you set reminders it does n't work maybe on my phone but it does n't send you reminders .. besides that its really a good app to kick start 2020
i love how easy this app is to use , the only disadvantage is that you can track only 5 habits for free . if you want to use it for more you have to buy the pro . but what it does , it does well .
really good at what it does , but i 've asked for support for what seem to be glitches transferring data between devices twice and gotten nothing back . that 's frustrating .
the simplicity is nice , but sometimes i want something with more detail . i use it in conjunction with another app . if i do n't have a lot of time to enter info , it 's great for that . i like that you can change the background to dark which is n't so jarring if you are using just before bed and are trying to avoid being stimulated by technology . i do wish , though , that you could change the setup of a habit entered between a simple click or entering more detail . right now you have to create a new habit if you want to change , but then that changes your stats .
very useful app for establishing good habits : i like the weekly view in particular . also like being able to set the level of chatter and reminders done to the minimum in the free version .
using for a week now , i like seeing the statistics and that the free version will track 5 habits .
excellent app . does everything you want a habit tracking app to do . only complaint is the app counts the current day in your progress with no option to change that . so it looks like you are less successful than you really have been on a daily activity done near the end of each day . for example , if i am tracking going to the gym after work everyday and have been successful for 2 weeks , the app will show me as less than 100 % successful until i indicate today is successful . need to fix that .
this is a super cool and helpful app . i love it . my only criticism is that it could be a bit more user friendly ... it 's easy to set up habits you want to do ( drink 8 glasses water per day ) but harder to set up `` i only want this many ___ per week '' . additionally , the funny reminders are funny ... because they 're ridiculous . i do n't think an english speaker wrote them , but i ca n't convince myself to disable them because they 're so strange . : face_with_tears_of_joy :
it 's pretty good . i wish you could change the type of selector though ( yes/no vs x times a day ) after habit creation . it seems there is no way to do this yet .
i like the app . it is very practical and quick to apply but you have to purchase more targets if you want and there is no inspiring pictures i think i should pay for it too .
i like that the app in simple . i turned off the motivational quotes , so all i see is the calendar . and that 's all i need to see ! one thing i would add , though , is the ability to add exception so missed days do n't count against my streak . one of my goals is a daily activity that i can only do at home . when i travel , i miss those days . but i did it every day i was able ( i.e . every day i was home ) , so it 's a bit of a downer to be penalized .
i just downloaded it to see the continuity of work i do . i found it personally useful . 1st : i am reminded by the large display of tracking down my habit . which i wanted to continue . 2nd : now i can read the comments i entered after finishing the tasks . now it is becoming habit for me to keep track on my habits that i see improvement in overall doing . i hope i still achieve lot more through this app . i heartly thank to the developers and creators of this app . signing off .
so far , so good . i love the reminders because they check in you throughout the day , rather than just once a day . this has definitely helped me develop a routine . i may keep it on longer than the prescribed 66 days . the app claims it takes that long to develop a lasting habit but the daily reminders help me best . this app is good for that .
basic version works as described ; just not what i need . the habits i want to improve require reminders at different times of day . and i 'm personally not finding it an effective incentive , especially 'starting over ' if missing one time . that 's kind of a carrot and stick approach . i 'll stick to a simple checklist of what , & calendar/alarm clock to remind me when . making this app 's functions kind of ... basic and redundant ? and since all apps use space ... well , uninstalled . but the app works fine .
i really like this app . some things could improve like the quote box fitting the whole quote in it . and the colors being more distinguishable . thanks !
great app . my only problem is some of my habits i created does n't work ; i set a habit so i do n't do something atleast 8 days of the month , but it links all the days inbetween successful days together . i only end up being successful for 6 days out of the month , but then it says 20+ days successful , because it link all the successful days together . going to try other apps , unless i can resolve this issue .
habitbull is great . i love how customizable it is for making different types of habits . tracking my current streak is great for motivating me to keep on going . and even if i break my streak , i love that it shows my `` best score '' so i have a new goal to reach . the only thing i would suggest is having a `` user suggestions '' button in the settings . i have emailed about a new type of habit a couple times and have never heard anything back . user feedback is always good for making a great app even better
great app , easy to use , nice design , motivating statistics and quotes . thank you developers for this app : ) . only one remark from me : if i change the number of repetitions per week of an activity , it changes the whole statistics ( also for the previous period ) . maybe there could be an option to apply this change only to further period ( e.g . when i start an activity twice a week , it becomes a habit and i want to increase it to 3 times a week and i do n't want to lose/worsen previous statistics ) .
great app . life changing if used properly . easy to use . i have paid for premium but not getting my reminders popping up with notifications for app on . can you help ?
great app . quite simple , it has a specific purpose , but does it well .
this app has really helped me work on some habits ! i appreciate that it reminded me if i did n't enter information for a day . i would have liked features like setting a time for those messages , or cool sounds when i click that i 've done something , but for a free app , this was good enough as it was !
i 've just installed this app and so far , it seems like exactly what i had been looking for ! kudos . i just have one suggestion . the app exits on pressing the back button once . most apps exit on pressing the back button twice , which works great for the user experience , in my opinion . so , it would be really great if you could incorporate that . hoping to use this app every day !
i love the app . it has helped me a lot by helping me easily track my habits . i gave it a four because i sent them an email months ago they never answered .
simple app that provides all i need to track habits . ui could use a refresher .
the widgets look great , and i like the idea behind this app , but it feels like im fighting it to create goals where i would have to start over completely to make it a single task vs a quantity . also my biggest issue is that you cant set a quantity per week , only per day . i want to be able to set x number of hours per week doing a task without any daily requirements
works well . the interface is a little odd . you have to scroll down to see all the graphs .
this app is literally the only thing that reminds me to take my meds . i love getting the notifications and tracking my progress so easily . however i just upgraded to the pro version specifically for the sync capability and ... it does not work . -1 star . for $ 10 , i would hope that the one feature i wanted would function like it 's supposed to . i 'm not happy about that at all . the home screen widget comes in handy so it 's not a total loss but that alone is not worth the price . please fix syncing !
it 's the best habit tracker out there but it 's not the best it can possibly be . after a substantial amount of thought , i succumbed and shelled out the 10 euros for the premium version to be able to use the widget , which is essential to keep me on track . however , the widget does n't respond unless the application is opened beforehand , so minus one star for that . also , a true black widget or user-interface would be very nice for amoled screens , so fingers crossed for that too .
the one major short-coming of this app . ( and most other `` habit trackers '' ) is that it does not have any option to calculate a total number ( amount of hours , etc . ) for a week or month -- only a number of days or per day ... that is a gaping deficit in these app 's ( with the exception of one or two with less desirable formats ) , as it is a far better way to track things like sleep which may fluctuate from.day to day . the other dismaying factor is that habitbull does n't seem to have any customer service , as i e-mailed numerous times about issues trying to upgrade ( because it is a really helpful/useful application ) , and never got any response in about a year 's time . : -\ aside from the tabulation inadequacy discussed above -- which i really hope they 'll address/include that capability , it is a really helpful and useful app. , and can be especially helpful for people with issues such as depression or `` ocd '' who may have difficulty keeping a handle on self-care and/or productivity ( though , it could , also have the opposite effect , if people with `` ocd '' get too immersed in tracking things in their day-to-day : -s ) . in general , it is a good tool to have , though , and can help you make a lot of progress on things like household projects , etc. , but i really do wish that they 'd adjust it so that you can calculate a total for a duration of time longer than a day , and that they would also be conscientious about customer service/support and responding to/fielding correspondence and issues people encounter . ~ * kristin star *
absolutely love this app . 4 out of 5 for two reasons . one , navigation , i think swiping between habits rather than scrolling would be a better interphase and also more intuitive . scrolling habits only goes one direction , swiping could go both , as long as you 're off the calendar . two , the free version only can track five habits . i 'll probably buy the app for full access , because this truly is a good app . however just a few more , say 10 instead of 5 in the free version would 've been appreciated .
this is a great app for me . the app is easy to navigate and the motivational quotes are a nice touch . i give this app 4 stars because i have an issue with the notifications . i want the app to remind me to do a certain task a certain amount of times throughout the day , but it only sends me the notification once i open the app which defeats the purpose of the notification . not sure if i 'm the only experiencing this problem ? other than that , i use this app on the daily .
it 's simple to use : you do n't need to be a coder to figure it out . i like that there 's a message board . i am considering using it to form a support group so i can stay on track with my workouts . also , i did n't realize there are a lot of people who hate themselves for masturbating lol . but it 's good they can find support in the message board . i read that you can only have 5 habits you can track . i 'm being pragmatic and starting out with 4. but eventually i will need more than 5 .
nice configuration settings . able to set most goals . one setting that i could n't get to work for me was trying to get a goal for every other day . it seemed to that the goal needed to be completed every second day and comoleting it on off days did n't work . the ui is slightly un-intuitive as well . i do n't think swiping up on a goal calendar should swap to another goal . it makes it hard to scroll down to the community form at the bottom if the app .
i love this app and the widgets are awesome . 1 star lost because i am frequently getting pop ups ( about 5 a day ) stating it stopped and to restart app . and there is no update available . i might uninstall if this continues and it gets on my nerves . for now , works for what i need it for .
app is nice ! it works fine . i think it might just be better if it can give some rewards ( maybe points or what ) whenever you exceed your goals . i also do not understand some items in the app like the red translucent thing that goes on when you tap the dates the 2nd time and why it decreases % when red . maybe you can make the app more user friendly . i also sometimes feel offended by being catcalled by the app notifications . i do n't think it 's appropriate . still , it 's a great app .
the percentage calculation and the number of days successful in a week/ month seems confusing . otherwise it 's a really good app .
this app works for me this app is able to be customize . i do n't `` fit the box '' for most general apps . i do wish that social piece wasnt there , where you have the ability to what other are people have listed as their habit to break . i think there may be trolls getting kicks to see their obsurd habits stay at the top of this list . on a positive note you can hide this .
i suggest a positive running tab amd also a negative running tab ! i love the app and it really makes a difference in tracking my daily habits . the only thing i have found that would make it better is if i could track relapses . this would require it to allow something that i do not want to mark for a day amd when it is marked then it would be a negative . this would help responsibility to be accounted for the relapse . i would like these negstives to be separateky counted from the positive marks .
newly installed re : resolutions . seems to be a bug on android when i set a target date it sets it to the day after . if i go back in and change it back one day , it keeps it . please fix . seems like a great app . purchased to export data because data is beautiful lol . thank you .
this tool really helps me see my progress so that i can feel motivated to change . when i see that i have been on a successful streak , it helps me believe that i can make positive changes for real and forever . i only did four stars because if you want to track more than 5 things you have to pay . also , their forums seem to only feature drug and sex addicts . it 's kind of creepy really ... but you are n't required to participate ... so i ignore it .
a great app overall . complete and specific in terms of types of goals . user interface aspects like fonts and some screens like the first `` create habit '' screen seem a little heterogeneous when compared to the rest of the app ; in other words , they seem displaced , out of vibe . i suggest a review of the ui ; maybe making it a little less cluttery and cleaner . for example , the google fit prompts and font correlation . it is a great work nevertheless , congratulations !
i 've had this for about 6 months now and tbh its helped me out . you 're allowed 5 free habits . any more than that you have to pay but i think 5 is a great start because you dont want to bombard yourself with too many changes . its simple , easy to use ... it takes awhile to form habits so be patient and honest with your entries . it 'll help you see where you 're failing and succeeding by % . i noticed i did habits because i didnt want to fail . now i notice i perform habits because i want to excel .
great app . just bought platinum . my only issue is when setting my goal for a habit . let 's say i have a habit named ' 1 hour of study ' . and i set my goal to doing this 5 times a day . even if i would only do it twice ( meaning 2 hours ) each day the app would show it as a streak , even though i have n't reached my actual goal during any of the days . so it does see it as a success even though it was n't for me . could you maybe implement an option to make it possible to show those as unsuccessful ?
i enjoyed using habitbull in the past and decided to give it another go . not a lot has changed . i do like the app , very simple to use and gives great reminders .
really effective app . best widget of all the habit tracking apps i 've tried . but the widget can be a little glitchy and i wish there were a compact version . some of the ux leaves a little to be desired . i 'd love to see some small improvements espec to widgets , but still definitely worth using . premium paid user .
i like this app as it helps to track things that are important for me . i 'm still exploring how effective the method is but i like what i found so far ! it 'd be nice to have a way to see the correlations or tendencies among habits if any . good job , nice idea !
overall it gets the job done , but the notifications are confusing to set and are inconsistent when reminding you about your about . some days i 'm reminded and some i 'm not , so it 's kinda been up to me to remind myself . but the app itself is easy to use and effective at tracking .
its a good app , the cool thing for me is that you can comment per day , so if you fail with your habits you can find out what things stand in your way , i withdraw one star because i want to make a feature request : when you select `` all habits `` i also want to see all comments ( mixed ) this way the app would also be a holistic diary , thx : - )
great motivator to keep a habit going . also good for keeping track of habits you already have . they have great , insightful options that help you set your goal . tried a similar highly rated app ( forgot its name ) and this one destroys it . immediately uninstalled the other one . there are a few quarks here and there they can improve , but overall i really like this app and have recommended kt to friends and family .
it 's very simple to use . i like that you can set as either a yes/no habit or a rep like two times a day . my only hangup would be that the free version only allows tracking for five habits but that can be a bonus if your just getting started . you do n't want to overwhelm yourself .
it helped me alot . and there is a bug . if app is opened via notification message , password will not be required no matter . hope you fix this bug soon
simple and helpful once i figured out how it works . i wish it did n't cost money to work on more than 5 habits ..
it 's a great app for tracking habits . so far i find that purchasing the premium app has been worth every penny .
regardless of my free version this app 's intention is to help it 's users increase positive habits and reduce negative habits . for someone like me who needs feedback , the percentage of success gives me an incentive and motivates me to keep the chain going . after using this app for almost two months i have been able to analyze and critique a few of the apps features . it would be interesting to know scientific statistics of the success of the app and if it is successful in what it is set out to do . in regards to the level of engagement i would say that the percentage strategy keeps me coming back to this app . for functionality , the free version runs smoothly , is clear , and easy to use . for aesthetics , it is simple and convenient however i do think that for some users it might be difficult to see due to size of buttons and font size . the information is a bit outdated and needs to be cited and should come from more credible sources . i do enjoy seeing that there is a discussion board for communication between users . from my subjective analysis this app 's rating is a 4.1 .
works pretty good to help you remember to do certain things and make them a habit . encouraging to see the streak when you accomplish what you set out to do . would have been a 5 * but sometimes it attaches circles when a day did n't get done .
i very much enjoy this app . it has helped me greatly and its easy and fun to use . there is one issue though . i do not enjoy having an app call me affectionate names such as darling and sunshine . quite frankly it makes my stomach turn everytime this happens . i like this app so much i bought the premium version but the fact that the app was calling me pet names made me almost delete it . i plan on continuing to use habitbull but i sincerely hope this weird occurrence is changed .
great but can be annoying with notifications and also is not quite as customizable as i 'd like . definitely helps to track your habbita though !
i would like to set the begin date in the past , then indicate the total number of days and have app calculate end date . i would like to see the end date on calendar , number of days remaining , and an option to have days marked complete as the default . also , stop asking me to rate when i already have please .
the app has helped me track my habits and create new better habbits . i have been 7 weeks drinking nothing but water and have been on and off with candy and snacks . just like any other habit tracking app , this will not do the work for you . it is here to hell you keep track of the work you are putting forth , and it does a good job at that .
great habit tracking app and you get plenty without premium . i like the premium widgets quite a bit and the extra habits . would be better if it had the option to flag a habit as skipped rather than fail without breaking the chain for when you ca n't do it . e.g . in bed early when you have to stay back late at work .
very effective for every day tasks , but once a week or once every x number of days is a bit confusing to set up .
pretty good at what it does , exactly what i needed . however , there is a small bug - weekly review widget does not show all my habits . moreover , i miss a feature to periodically share my weekly/monthly reviews on social media , or with at least with someone . accountability helps .
great app , i just wish one thing could change . some of my habits need a long title , and it doesnt show the full title if i click 'all habits ' or even on each single habit . if the title could allow more characters , or another line , i 'll add the last star ! lol ( please )
so far , the best habit tracking app i 've tried , the only one i was able to actually stick to using . if only full version would be more avaliable ..
awesome app that has really kept me on track . i just wish there was some type of reward system once you 've reached your goal . i think regular reminders ( perhaps with some form of motivation attached to it ) would also encourage discipline and drive .
i bought the premium version of this app . it is easy to use and i love the reminders sent to my galaxy watch to keep me on track . i would like bolder colour coding to differentiate the goals being tracked and success/failure indicators . overall a great purchase .
it 's a great tool to start , track and keep habits . since i started using it i 've been adding more habits i want to build and this app keeps me organized and reminds me of my habit goals . i get to compete wirh myself and see where i have room for improvement .
i really love this app , it helped me quit smoking but i have a few comments i would like to make 1. the badges you receive on certain days are not saved , i think it will be more motivating when you know that you are reaching milestones 2. the discussions i posted are also not saved , i would like to see my journey posts to keep me motivated as well and to also see how other people interact with them . i still love this app a lot and really recommend it
3rd week . great for monitoring things you want to become habits . the humor in the notifications is lost on me . i wish for non monitoring days there would be a third color option with a continuance of the chain . other than that , its simole to setup and simple to use .
this is the best app i have ever used to keep track of my activities.the greatest part is that each time you feel like giving up to achieving your objectives , it will always remind you , which is very motivating . i only have one problem though , having trouble with syncronising my progress , which means if the app was to be accidentally uninstalled and then reinstalled again , then all the progress i had saved would be lost , so this one reason i give you a 4 star rating instead of a 5.good app though
easy to use but it seems really basic
love it except i ca n't change the positive memes at the bottom anymore .
great app ... i am using it for a while ... functionality wise it the best in the market ... it can get updated in terms of visuals and performance
ui/ux can be improved a bit more
i love it , simple and effective ! is it right that the motivational pics do n't switch anymore ? mine has been stuck on the very same for a year now : (
i like the design
heyyy dear developers .. ! ! love the app .. but have a issue in it .. idk if it is only with me .. the app does n't show any reminder after 1 day of setting a habit goal .. only 1st day it does ..
in general , this app helps me keep track of my habits , which is great ; however , the app has quite a few bugs , even after buying the premium version , which is disappointing . the sync function does n't work at all and i do n't see any effort to fix these issues . this is one of the rare apps where i wo n't be giving a 5 star review .
very good and gets the job done , not the prettiest or well designed but certainly not the worst ! it 's exactly how it 's pictured and works fabulously too . no crashing or issues here .
good app , tracks nicely good widget . sometimes notifications can be a bit flaky .
extremely easy user interface . helpsnin using the app more and note the goals .
simple , easy to use .... makes it very easy to keep track of habits ...
i like the app . have been using it for a few months now , and the widgets plus reminders definitely keep me on track . only drawback i 've found is the inability to sync my profile - always fails with 'sync failed , make sure you have a working internet connection ' . have sent in support request , but so far no response . that aside , the app works well , and i can still use it in 'standalone ' mode on my primary android phone .
it is all for me about habits i was n't able to work on it but in this one it is so helpful just i have one issue i do n't know if did n't find it or it is not at the program that if u need to remind your self more than one time in the day i just remind my self once a day i do n't know if it in the app or not
amazing experience
app is great . helps me keep track of my daily habits . i like how the interface is simple and easy to use . however , i 've been experiencing issues tracking my habits using the widget .
the images with quotes wont change , good app tho
best habit tracker app i have used
fun and engaging way to track your goals and form better habits . i 'm still not great at keeping up with it , but the app works well when i spend the time to pay attention to it .
easy to use and very flexible .
great way to hold yourself accountable for setting goals
it 's cool because it 's gives me motivation to push myself and allow me to see my struggle in addiction for every day i fail .
worked well for my purposes
nice app , would like further customization for habits , such as perhaps scores , the better you tackle a habit ( healthier eating today than yesterday resulting in a higher score ) this would make the app much more useful for me , otherwise great app
love the reminder to log your habits
great app . quite simple , it has a specific purpose , but does it well .
liked the setup so much that i quickly became a premium user . the widget alone is worth it . i love the flexibility the app allows in specifying when i can work on developing a habit . as i am frequently adding habits , i would like to rearrange habits in the list to make it easier to find them . hopefully , this is an easy fix . then this will be a 5-star app .
a good starter app 4 collecting the data you need to better your daily life . limited flexibility , in the free version , but sufficient four basic tracking of self-improvement efforts . easy to get started . and so i can do without cute reminder and encouragement features , they are easy enough to toggle off .
works well . the interface is a little odd . you have to scroll down to see all the graphs .
удобный , наглядный трекер привычек с подробной кастомизацией . к сожалению , не всегда корректно срабатывают напоминания - во всплывающем окне не нажимаются кнопки , приходится переходить в приложение , чтобы отметить выполненное действие .
havent been using it for a long time but so far so good . however , the paid version should have more features , such a costomizing your own categories . also , the widget should be more customizable , such as font size .
this app seems to work pretty well . the user forums are n't well managed , but remain useful . habit tracker has never crashed on me , but it does have the annoying habit of changing where in the ui has focus at the time you launch the app . fortunately its easy to navigate .
simple app that provides all i need to track habits . ui could use a refresher .
this is closest to my expectations
i like this app , i have used it for a while now and it helps . only reason for 4 stars is that the percentages are frustrating . i managed 122 days straight but it wo n't change from 98 % . i think once you do the full 66 days you should get 100 % . also , would love to be able to highlight a day in the future as a milestone , just different colour so i can say 50 , 100 days etc , as a motivator . it 's great for a free app . we 'll done to the devs on this .
love this app , but it only lets you keep track of only 5 habits at once , for more you have to buy premium , but other than that , its great !
it works well for me
great app .. please add the ability to see when recurring habit is due .. or by automatically completing a habit which is not due , i.e . required once a week for example ..
it would be a very good choice for those who want a daily base motivation to make your way to build on the habbit .. try not to break the streak of your habbit goals at any cost from which you can gain the max from this app . well built interface with motivational images loved it : red_heart :
using for a week now , i like seeing the statistics and that the free version will track 5 habits .
its useful
very helpful
would be perfect if you also have pomodoro/timer to do each task
good visual reminder and nice to see patterns of habit breaking
just the best . this app has helped me improve at a time i was feeling very down and unable to do anything .. i only wish the notifications worked better .
great app .
easy to use .
does what it promises .. tracks habits : thumbs_up :
this has been very helpful with tracking my habits for hopefully having remission with my fibromyalgia . it sucks that there is only 5 habits you can put in , but if you think about it .. 5 habits is more then enough to start trying to break . go any more and you overwhelm yourself
good tracker , but with subscription based model
great app but i would prefer some changes in its interface .
why i unable to sync the apps in my phone ?
its the best app when it comes to tracking your progress but one problem thats why i didnt give it a 5 star when you set reminders it does n't work maybe on my phone but it does n't send you reminders .. besides that its really a good app to kick start 2020
nice app
i 'd give it 5 , but drropping a star because it shows useless notifications every time i open it
i have to uninstall it because i need more habits to track but the free version cant provide more than 5 habits .
the percentage calculation and the number of days successful in a week/ month seems confusing . otherwise it 's a really good app .
it 's a good app . i like the encouraging reminders and memes each day . i wish there were just a couple more openings for tracking , but overall it 's good . it does n't eat my battery like the last one i tried . in fact . i 'm readjusting to use in the coming year .
great habit tracking tool . the widget on the home screen is a great size so i can see quickly how well i 'm doing , and the options at set up are thorough . i 'm tracking all sorts of things and it 's easy to see how i 'm doing . highly recommended . only concern is i 'm having trouble getting a response on a _potential_ issue i have ( not sure it 's real yet , but if it is i 'm concerned ) . otherwise five stars .
recording the amount of when the day is successful , need to be easier
i think it 's really helpful but i want some more functions . however i still dont know what exactly they will be . make me surprised : ) ) )
: thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :smiling_face_with_sunglasses : :smiling_face_with_sunglasses : :smiling_face_with_sunglasses :
i like the app ! ! i even paid premium for it but can you please make it connect in to the app when i press the widget ?
really good at what it does , but i 've asked for support for what seem to be glitches transferring data between devices twice and gotten nothing back . that 's frustrating .
great app verry helpfull and can be improved more .
i dont get notifications regarding my daily goals .
very helpful
great but can be annoying with notifications and also is not quite as customizable as i 'd like . definitely helps to track your habbita though !
goooood app.helps to get in track .
overall great app . love it !
pretty good app to keep track of your bad habits you want to quit
good experience
it 's a great app for tracking habits . so far i find that purchasing the premium app has been worth every penny .
very useful app for establishing good habits : i like the weekly view in particular . also like being able to set the level of chatter and reminders done to the minimum in the free version .
i enjoyed using habitbull in the past and decided to give it another go . not a lot has changed . i do like the app , very simple to use and gives great reminders .
i 've only been using this app for a week or so but i love it . it 's easy to set up and use , and i appreciate that it gives me a percentage of my successful days .
i like the app . it is very practical and quick to apply but you have to purchase more targets if you want and there is no inspiring pictures i think i should pay for it too .
better than most . user friendly .
good
i love the app . it has helped me a lot by helping me easily track my habits . i gave it a four because i sent them an email months ago they never answered .
it 's pretty good . i wish you could change the type of selector though ( yes/no vs x times a day ) after habit creation . it seems there is no way to do this yet .
best habit tracker i 've used . notifications are n't consistent , though .
really helped me up my discipline
it 's a good way to keep track of your habits . habits are easy to change if you decide to track something different .
goood
very helpful .. please add more habits for the free version
great app , but only 5 habit is free : smirking_face :
the only suggestion i have is to make it so if you deactivate then reactivate a habit , it does n't take your percentage down as if it was active the while time .
love the flexibility and options to track habits
so far so good : thumbs_up :
it 's been good using this app to track habit formation
great app . life changing if used properly . easy to use . i have paid for premium but not getting my reminders popping up with notifications for app on . can you help ?
i love how easy this app is to use , the only disadvantage is that you can track only 5 habits for free . if you want to use it for more you have to buy the pro . but what it does , it does well .
i been looking for such an app and finally found it . it 's really nice and i can keep a record of my activities on daily basis .
just what i was looking for . it 's simple which is all it needs to be .
this is by far my favorite habit tracking app ( and i 've tried many ) . i like the weekly view . ( i have an unusual use for this app ..... i use it to track my kids ' school work and i like the weekly view so i can see what they have completed during the week ) . however , i 'm not sure if this app is still being supported ? the last update was over a year ago and they do not respond to inquiries . but the app does still work well .
i really like this app . some things could improve like the quote box fitting the whole quote in it . and the colors being more distinguishable . thanks !
this is helpful for accountability
great app for succeeding with your good habits . the widgets are especially useful since you are constantly reminded if you have n't completed one of your habits . i also like the discussion page but i miss some sort of timestamp to show when the post/comment was posted . sometimes you reply on a post that has been dead for quite a while without knowing it .
i have used several habit tracking apps and this one is the best . it is easy to use and i like the way it gives my percentage success rate and my streaks . a lot of the other apps wanted a monthly subscription fee . i paid for the pro version after using the free version since it was a one time payment .
great habit tracking app . the only things i think could be improved are : goal dates not automatically pushing back to match the day you edited a habit . and being able to edit how you want to track a habit if you change your mind . maybe i missed something , but it seems like you have to recreate a habit in order to change how to keep track of it ( ex . yes/no or by keeping count with numbers ) . i highly recommend this tool though , it 's a great place to start keeping track of habits !
easy to set up and daily tracking is very simple . visual display is great . if a habit is set for every other day , or with some other gap in between , the app shows a chain with open circles rather than solidly-colored circles . likewise , if the goal is a specific number of minutes or repetitions , it color-codes the entry differently depending on whether you met or did fewer reps than the goal . only using the free app for now but plan to upgrade .
superb app . my one piece of advice for others would be to set low , reasonable targets for yourself and slowly increase them over time . much better to start going to the gym twice a week , succeed and increase from there than to set the goal of 7 days a week and fail and become disheartened when you dont hit it . app is superb though .
excellent app , excellent widgets . i use this with widget as my daily habit manager . could do with an update and could have other features but what it does ( help maintain habit streaks ) it does better than any other app i 've found . i bought premium one off to use the apps.its worth it for me . do n't usually buy subscriptions but a couple dollars once off worth it . free to use though , only widgets are premium
tracking my progression on goals has never been easier ! this app is so simple , yet it 's amazing and i love that you can share your progression with friends for accountability . the only thing i do n't understand is the various greetings/notifications they send you in different languages .
this is a very easy to use app which allows you to customize the habits you 're trying to change or add . it allows you to set floor and ceiling goals within each habit and identifies your streaks . it 's fantastic !
great tool for tracking habits . simple to use and it does as advertised . i like the daily reminders to update the calendar . it helped with my motivation to keep up the efforts !
so far , so good . i 've been using it for about a week . it 's easy to set up habits , a schedule , and reminders . checking things off and seeing my success rate is very motivating to me . i upgraded . it 's a one-time fee of only $ 7.99 .
this app has been great for keeping my goals on track ! i have the free version only . supposedly , the paid version does not sync as it 's supposed to so i would be wary of that if you were considering going premium .
i downloaded a bunch of habit-tracking apps to test them out before new year 's . habitbull seemed the most intuitive and straightforward . i really like the design ( shows the streak on the calendar ) and the fact that it nudges you if you do n't check in during the day . there 's even a community function where you can share the struggle with others doing the same thing . great app .
my favorite habit tracking app ! i am the author of multiple books on how to build better habits , and regularly speak at conferences on how to create behavioral change . this app is my secret tool for keeping myself accountable - and i recommend it to all my clients . simple and easy to use . the one thing that would make it better would be if it had some `` reminders '' / notifications . otherwise , it 's close to perfect
super easy , and has changed my life in a number of very positive ways . excellent tool . buy the full version if you are able . certainly worth it .
super useful app ! really nice visual way to keep track of what you 're doing that you should n't be doing , and what you 're avoiding that you know you should be doing ! i 'm using it to stop biting my nails , which i 've tried to stop doing for probably 15 years ! also keeping track of when in sticking to my sleep and diet schedule , and a bunch of other habits i 'm trying to establish . it 's important to have a way to hold yourself accountable ! and remember to be honest with yourself !
nice application you can update everyday ... the progress report gives extra motivation which we can see everyday ... we can set the goal/target what we want to achieve . there is forum too where people will help you ... if you have any doubt .
easy to use . love that the % automatically updates . free version only has 5 trackers , but honestly it 's hard to focus on more than that .
kiss ! easiest way to keep on track is to make tracking simple and encouraging . it 's easy to set up . features allow for various forms of success - yes/no , 5x/week ( any days ) , number per day - and you get to decide . worth a shot . you might even adopt that new habit !
best app for tracking habits ... could be better if it could be connected to the alarm and a better reminder system would have helped ... otherwise this app is really helpful tajnk you sooo much guys ! ! !
best app ever ! it keeps track of your habits and , if you turn on reminders , it also keeps you accountable of the goals you set . simply genius !
the best habit tracking app i 've ever used . set your own goals , no comments that make you feel guilty , and minimal annoying reminders .
it 's a great little app . the free version allows you to put in up to 5 habits . you can customize the colors and order and you can see your progress . i like it !
i 've always had issues with consistency and will power . it 's very helpful when can see my progress . it even tracks the percentage of your success .
this app has helped me develop and stick to many useful habits . highly recommend it to anyone who wants to develop a new habit but is finding it difficult .
i like being able to look at my goals each day , review how i am doing , focus in the most important one for this month . i 'm seeing improvement !
it 's a great up , easy to use and very helpful if you want to create new habits and track your progress !
this app is incredibly helpful . i need to take medication every morning and this app helps me make sure i take the tablet . it helps me build the habit of taking it .
i 've been looking for an app that can do what habitbull does and i 'm so glad i finally found it . it 's a great , easy to use app and the messages you get are so cute .
i 've never been so pleased with an app like this . it designed well , easy to navigate , and keeps me motivated to improve my life !
great to track simple stuff . i track exercise and days i stick to my diet . it is helping to keep me honest without much effort .
i love this habit app and the customization ootions . i use it to track exercise and also build up/break habits im trying to start/stop .
great app . good reports and tracking . ui is simple and does what it needs to do . keeps it productive
wonderful app that simply shows your progress of creating habits . love the visual layout that helps he stay on track ...
really user friendly - effective in keeping track of your habits and achieving your goals . 100 % recommend
great app for tracking habits with tons of options ! only thing i ca n't seem to do is set a habit with a start date in the future . is there a way to do this that i am missing ? i 'm a planner and like to set things up ahead of time . otherwise it 's fabulous !
it does exactly what it should do in a very clean yet detailed way . excellent app that has helped me conquer addiction . i love it
i love it so far . bummer to have to pay for premium but it 's not a bad price . i am only doing the minimum 5 habits because i do n't need that many . : ) it could use a reminder notification : bell : update : still love this app . it 's helped me keep track daily .
this has been really helpful keeping me on track . having to mark your goals off each day has kept me more motivated than usual .
does exactly what it should . tips : do n't overuse it if you 're new to this . put in one or two habits worth tracking and make them count . make sure they 're connected to your bigger goal or purpose and aim big . you 're here to great work . go for it !
works nice . good to get visuals and numbers on your habits . one of my habits i 've only been doing 50 % of the time according to the app , although i thought i had been doing it a lot more . solid app .
very nice app i like the fact i am able to log in any type of event in the calender and track your progress .
the app is excellent ! ! however , if you have not defined your specific goal ( e.g . : i will read 5 pages of a book every night before i fall asleep ) you will stop using it , so keep that in mind .
it is very useful when you want to track your daily habits . i have just started using it . it is like a one page map to all the habits that you want to follow . use it if you are a person who wants to develop and keep track of habits .
highly recommended . super easy way to live an organised and healthy life ; and to be the person you want to be .
best daily tracker out there . very easy to use and good ui . lots of customization options . download this if you are trying to build up a habit just simply tap on the circle daily to mark it . would recommend
i love this app ! it does not only track your habits but it also gives statics ( % ) about how well you are progressing to make it a sustainable habit . you can decide how long it takes you to make a habit sustainable .
really awesome app ! ! ! its definitely easier than other habit tracking apps i 've tried , and better designed too . i get a lot of use out of it , so i purchased the full version . if you 're trying to keep track of multiple things at once , especially with the goal of remembering to do things , this will help . i have horrible memory due to health issues so i sometimes forget to do basic things , and this keeps me on track .
absolutely fantastic ! clean , fast , non intrusive .
i use this app to track various symptoms of my ibs . i also tried habithub and loop , but only this app allowed me to track on a daily basis how many times a certain symptom occurred , and also set `` goals '' based on either `` no more than '' and `` no fewer than '' a given number of occurrences . i preferred the interface and graphs ( i 'd like to see a chart of raw numbers instead of just pass/fail ) in some of the other apps , but from a purely functional standpoint this is the one to beat .
habit trackers makes it easy to keep track of your goals ! ! love it ! ! !
it 's helped me stay on track with habits i want to cultivate . i 'm really data driven and thrive on external validation , so i like seeing graphs and the calendar fill up with my successful days . it works well for me . the app itself is good too . it has n't crashed or done anything unexpected in the week i 've used ii find logging mt . the only thing i wish i could do is go back and change what makes a day successful .
simple and useful , and so far , bug free ! just what i wanted .
i have always had problems when it comes to structure in my life . this app was a beautiful addition to my transformation in life , if i ever got slack or forgot to do something , i will make up for it the next day or even do it on the same day . seeing consistency visually has definitely helped me to maintain structure and positive repetition . thank you to the creators of this amazing app : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : goodluck to anyone who has attracted this app : victory_hand :
i use it for keeping track of tasks after i complete them . i do n't want a reminder of a task , i just need to keep track of it . this app allows me to disable reminders . keeping track of them is as easy as checking off the day . it has the days circled based on how you schedule your tasks . the user experience is really easy . you can create multiple tasks ( or habits to be ) , schedule them separately and keep track of them on one home page . it shows you stats etc to see your progress . those for whom the reminders cause unnecessary stress ( i.e . workout reminders ) , this app is better than calendar scheduling .
my experience so far with this app has been great , so far i have been able to track my top 5 habits that i want to implement and maintain . the app has done a great job at making me enjoy meeting my goals . i recommend this app . i have not tried premium yet however will do so once i have more concrete research and evidence that it 's works well too .
well , thanks for the app and the nice touches and effort that 've been put in it . however , there are other simple things you can adjust : - adding colors options for every habit - making marking with color scheme and check marks at the same time - making an access on laptop - when i put measurable habit he ask me about the account twice ! ! idw what is for ? i know you want to keep the app with beautiful simplicity , which is great , but you should offer more options for those who wants more
this app is perfect for tracking my habits . it allows an effective level of depth without being overwhelming . i have been using this for several months and i love it . the only thing i would like to see would be `` milestones '' to increase/decrease a habit without retroactively turning past week successes into failures . for example , increasing a workout habit from 2x/wk to 3x/wk .
great app if you want to get rid of bad habits , or reinforce good ones . the free version of it is not as restrictive as most free versions of apps , so that is a big plus . i honestly never really wrote a review on playstore before , but this app legitimately helped me overcome a few of my most detrimental bad habits . to the people that made the app , thank you for taking the time to make an amazing app ! i hope that everyone has a wonderful day !
i 've tested dozens of habit and routine tracking apps . the clean layout , useful widgets , and versatility of this one puts it above the rest . even without premium , it is highly functional . furthermore , premium is a one-time purchase rather then a monthly/annual fee , which was a deciding factor for me .
i have used many habit trackers over the years , but this was the one that most suited me . it 's simple and effective , and even the free version is really useful , the only drawback ( for the free version ) would be that you can not track more than 5 habits , but i do n't want to follow that many habits either way so it was a perfect match for me !
helps keep my habits in check . it 's nice to go back and see how i performed in months past . it 's kind of confusing how they display the stats , but just now after a few months of use it 's starting to make more sense .
i love this app ! very easy to use and it phelps me to keep track of my progress . a+
to begin with i already loved this app because it 's aesthetically pleasing very easy to use and all in all just keeps me in check with the things i want to keep up with in my life , i was having issues with my phone so i had to reset and when i try to log back in i did n't have any of the data and i had purchased premium and i did n't have that anymore and i reached out to the support team and they were able to completely help me and merge my account so that i had all my data again and my premium again with no issue within just a few hours they are amazing and i highly recommend this app ! ! !
this app really helps me stay mindful of my daily goals . being able to visualize my progress helps me to decide where to put more focus and what to prioritize each day . it 's highly motivating for me personally to be able to tick off the goals i 've met , and creates a great sense of satisfaction when i 've achieved them . i highly recommend this app to anyone who could use a little help staying on top of daily tasks and accomplishing daily or weekly goals .
i purchased the premium version so i can use the home screen widgets . it motivates me to stick to my habbits once i see them all the time when i use my phone . i 've been using it for 2-3 weeks now and i woke up early , went to the gym , read at least 20 pages and flossed in the evening everyday . obviously , is not all thanks to the app , but it does help to track my progress and keep me accountable if i miss anything . just start with easy to achieve habbits to make it work long term and build on that .
love this app , the basic version is fine , but i love being able to add even more items in the paid-version ! keeps me on track all day .
still the best habit tracker i 've ever used . unfortunately , the widgets only respond directly after i 've removed and replaced them again . i 'm really hoping they work some day .
i 've been using this app for about 3 years now , it is by far the most user friendly habit tracking app i 've tried .
this app is a simple an elegant solution for tracking habits , it offers widgets as well as a nice simple interface for getting habits done . i guess if i had to complain i think i had an issue where if there was a task set to be complete x days a week it would not go away on the widget ever even if you had done the task the required amount of times a week , could have been my mistake however , otherwise great !
i totally recommend this app . it had help me on every possible way . it 's really helpful if you really want to develop a new habit . i specialy like the easyness to configure the habits and the reminders ; the motivational notes that you can find around are just right . but its true that is not a magic app , please if you want to create a new habit , you have to work for it , you have to work to create something . if you do that , you 'll see the true colors of this magnificent app . be true to yourself .
the # 1 best habit tracking app in my opinion . you can record the amount of activities you do and see the final result at the end of week . when recording your activities , it shows your average amount of the activities done during the week . this app also keeps my life back on track and reminds me what i need to do throughout the day and its very convenient . this app is extremely easy to use and it is free ! i honestly wouldnt be able to live without it . thank you . : red_heart :
very helpful to be mindful of areas you want to change and feels rewarding as you see streaks of success . it is easy to use . it 's design allows you to take baby steps towards more ambitious goals . also setup manages your goals so they are realistically obtainable . reminders setup is very flexible so notifications are useful and welcome . great user friendly design which is highly customizable
it has been really easy to use and effortlessly works . gives me the % of all the habits i am doing together and individually ! ! great so far ! !
very helpful . simple and effective app design . support from others and discussion helps a lot to form a habit as well as get rid of bad ones . password lock ensures safety . the developers have definitely put lots of work into this app . free version and premium works great . i ordered premium and it 's worth the money .
this app has been great for me , especially to track daily goals i set for myself . it shows me the days i have succeeded , and the days ive fallen short . i can see a history of my success and setup reminders to make sure i do n't miss a daily goal . i 've been using the app for a little over a month now and highly recommend it to anyone who has daily goals they want to rack and be successful with !
fits my needs . the free version is limited to five items being tracked , but it would be counterproductive to try and develop more than two habits at a time .
this app makes me want to accomplish my goals . it 's so useful and helpful . because i do n't want to break my streaks , i find that i push my self to accomplish the daily habits i created in the app . thank you dev !
i 've found this app really useful for assisting my success in various areas . sometimes stopping certain poor habits and sometimes starting positive new ones .
10/10 great app ! let 's you keep track of goals and habits daily . it 's highly customizable and will send you notifications to remind you of stuff , if you want . also i really like the message boards , i find them really inspirational . also , i 've been using this app for several months , and it 's never asked me to pay anything . and there are n't any ads either . i know that there 's a premium version in one of the side menus , but i 'm not sure what it does because it already gives you everything you want .
elegant design . this app is easy to use and only takes seconds . unlike other apps that distract you with details , blog posts , etc ( i 'm looking at you , myfitnesspal ) , i can easily track my habits in seconds without going down the internet rabbit hole * * edited to add that i 'm still using it weeks later . very simple . although i started off ambitious and added many habits , i ended up following the developers suggestion and paring back to two key habits . i 'll add more after these stick
well , like anything this app is only as useful as you 're willing to let it be . but , if you are committed to either making or breaking ( or both ! ) any habit you can think of , then this little jewel of an app can help you do that . the idea of `` streaks '' may seem trivial to some , but we all crave this at some level because it clearly marks out your accomplishments in a tangible way . when you see you have x days of success , you are that much more likely to overcome the impediments you may face . what 's more , this program is highly flexible in the ways you can track any given habit . i have yet to find a habit and pattern i could n't set up . the app is free , although i paid for the premium version because 1 ) i hate ads and 2 ) i liked the flexibility of data export , so just try it and you may find that it changes your life for the better .
near perfect . considering you only really need a piece of paper on the wall or a calendar to track habits . it does that and more with a clean ui . it also has nice features when you create a habit , download it to see what i mean . discussion posts are a really nice bonus as well . overall the app is gold .
first i was skeptical about this app but only a few weeks in and i already see myself adjusting a couple things in my life . amazing how this works . thanks guys !
easy to use , set up a lot of goals .... easy to track .
i bought this great app . just started using it . i am a procrastinator so i am struggling to meet my goals . i am therefore absolutely relying on this app to help me track my performance . i really like the notifications with the positive words it attributes to me . i like the fact that you can quantify exactly the number or time allocated to the habits and track against that . when i manage to conquer a habit i will write a new review . cheers
just overall a great app if you want to become more concious about your daily habits . and , of course it 's very helpful to create new habits / erase unwanted ones ; - ) the paid version is gon na be a necessary upgrade if you want to keep track of lots of things , but it 's totally worth it !
with the short period of time i 've used this app i have enjoyed it . the app has been a great tool to help my keep track of my 2018 goals and stay on top of new habits i am trying to create to better myself and future . it has a clean ui although i wish it had more theme options . this app has been great at motivation on days o have slacked off or days i messed up with its visual aid on my progress for 2019. i would recommend it to someone trying to create a better habits .
i usually do n't write reviews . in fact , this is my first . but this app is worth a few words of appreciation ! it works well , is easy to use , and helps me keep track of my activities/habits . it reminds me to too in a non-intrusive way . if you are looking for an app to help build a habit , this app is worth giving a try .
habitbull is what i was looking for in a habit tracking app . it has a lot of customization for what constitutes a goal streak and a simple overview and data entry screen . i was happy that premium is just a one-time fee . and it 's cool to see the posts from other people working on their goals too .
by far the best habit building and tracking app i have used and i have tried many . have been using the paid version for 6 months or more and my routines ane habits are the best of my life . you need more than an app , but having a tool like this is key . love the flexibility , simplicity and the streak-oriented design . thank you habitbull !
great app for tracking whatever it is that you want to develop as a regular habit . clean interface and very easy to set up new habits like exercising on set days , not smoking or taking medicine . the 'streaks ' length & percentage success are good motivators and give you a nice visual reference for how well you 're doing .
simple , no b.s . habit tracking . forming a habit is hard , and it makes sense to track your progress for multiple reasons . some apps and methods are almost as hard to use as the habit you are trying to create is to make . not habitbull . i 've only been using the app for about a week now and it has been painlessly helping me work towards my goals and forge a better self .
helped motivate me get back on track after a big downswing . just the idea of keeping a simple chain going helps so much . i guess it 's because it 's like a promise to yourself . decided to get the premium : ) it 's not expensive either , so i think it 's completely worth it . i 'm very grateful that someone recommended this app to me when they did .
great app . simple and it really helps forming new positive habits . it 's amazing what you can do when you just do it consistently .
easy to set up and edit . i upgraded to premium so i could add more habits .
this app has helped me get back in track . i started out reading my bible every three days , and ended reading it every single day . if you are struggling with a bad habit , this is the app for you . i have tried many different habit trackers before , but this has been the best thus far . it shows you your progress percentages too , which is a really cool feature . highly recommended .
any app made well and affective for the needs of the many should be free of limited access and ability , to help them actually acjhieve the goals they have set , like limit 3-5 habits to track ... go premium and you go for as many goals as you want , hhhmmmm , anyone catching the psychological aspect of limiting a person by a marketing suggestion ? it 's cool , the app functioms as it should , i t is us as humans that need to work ... godspeed
i found that , if i am reloading the app from recent apps it is again asking for the password . quit a nice feature . even some important apps are not having this feature . but say if i am switching to another app while seeing some habit chart . when i see in recent apps , i can clearly see the last viewed chart . it would be nice , if u guys can fix this issue
i did n't think this app was much at first , but i soon started to get into the swing of things i 've been trying to get myself into for the longest time after installing . there 's just something about that feeling of satisfaction when you fill in a circle for completing something . it tracks your streaks and your average progress . it also encourages you with cute quotes about being yourself and being the best you ! forming ( or breaking ) a habit can be done easily with habit bull !
i really like how easy it is to use , that it displays your progress in a neat and easy-to-track way , and gives you options for how to measure your success ( yes/no per day , # of days per week , days you want to succeed and days you can 'cheat ' , etc ) . it 's pretty satisfying to tap the little circle for a thing i did and see it turn green and link up with other days ! would definitely recommend .
app is great ! can set timed reminders to keep going . i like the visual encouragement that this provides for me with trying to stay on track !
it 's perfect application , i love it
love it
no frills , just what i was looking for
i love this habit app and the customization ootions . i use it to track exercise and also build up/break habits im trying to start/stop .
i have used several habit tracking apps and this one is the best . it is easy to use and i like the way it gives my percentage success rate and my streaks . a lot of the other apps wanted a monthly subscription fee . i paid for the pro version after using the free version since it was a one time payment .
சிறந்த செயலி . மாற்றத்தை காண வழி
very very important app , thanks to you .
it 's a great up , easy to use and very helpful if you want to create new habits and track your progress !
it was great.cool app.the best for habit tracking .
great app !
wonderful app that simply shows your progress of creating habits . love the visual layout that helps he stay on track ...
good app
useful app , i like it ! !
the best habit tracking app i 've ever used . set your own goals , no comments that make you feel guilty , and minimal annoying reminders .
going great so far
i 've never been so pleased with an app like this . it designed well , easy to navigate , and keeps me motivated to improve my life !
beautiful app
good app . helpful and easy to use .
helped get my life in a bit more order . it could still use some tweaking . 8/10
very nice widgets available : thumbs_up :
good app
perfect for what it needs to do
cool app
i like being able to look at my goals each day , review how i am doing , focus in the most important one for this month . i 'm seeing improvement !
perfect app to maintain your habits in good pace : smiling_face_with_sunglasses :
this app has helped me develop and stick to many useful habits . highly recommend it to anyone who wants to develop a new habit but is finding it difficult .
really helpful on the rocky journey to change your habits
super easy , and has changed my life in a number of very positive ways . excellent tool . buy the full version if you are able . certainly worth it .
really user friendly - effective in keeping track of your habits and achieving your goals . 100 % recommend
nice
does what you need it to do . i like that you can take notes , and the little encouraging reminders are helpful .
absolutely fantastic ! clean , fast , non intrusive .
very useful app to track and keep record of your habits
good
awesome
excelentes
i am trying habits apps for more than 4 years , this is the best at all .
it 's for keep
i 've been looking for an app that can do what habitbull does and i 'm so glad i finally found it . it 's a great , easy to use app and the messages you get are so cute .
very good , it almost obligates you to complete yours habits .
worth paying for premium
simple design
easy to use . effective to create habits .
greatly designed
practical apps . i use this everyday .
very nice
a boost in habit formation .
must have app
love it , hope the team keeps developing this and into web app one day
it 's a good app , help us in day the day
it does what it says on the tin , encourages good habits and tracks your success and yes it is addictive succeeding !
it 's helpful
great app ! ! ! ! let 's me track habits and keeps me motivated .
this app is incredibly helpful . i need to take medication every morning and this app helps me make sure i take the tablet . it helps me build the habit of taking it .
great
awesome
great app . also worth it to get the premium for a small one time payment : heart_suit :
great
good one .
fabulous app . thank you .
tag meee
its great ! easy to use , lots of features !
awesome
fab app and helps everyone to stay on the track . i love the reminders ! !
very nice app i like the fact i am able to log in any type of event in the calender and track your progress .
easy & simple
good luck
great habit tracking app . the only things i think could be improved are : goal dates not automatically pushing back to match the day you edited a habit . and being able to edit how you want to track a habit if you change your mind . maybe i missed something , but it seems like you have to recreate a habit in order to change how to keep track of it ( ex . yes/no or by keeping count with numbers ) . i highly recommend this tool though , it 's a great place to start keeping track of habits !
the best ever ! convenient and easy to track ! ! ! !
great !
simple and works well , best free one i 've found
easy to use . this is main issue with analogues
fam this app is fire , no cost ease of use and fun to track progress ! ! !
great !
easy to use and quite effective !
such a good app to track my habit . also become a reminder for my self when i wan na build a habit
i 've found this app really useful for assisting my success in various areas . sometimes stopping certain poor habits and sometimes starting positive new ones .
great app for tracking new habbits !
uso a versão gratuita . o app tem funcionado muito bem para acompanhar meus diferentes hábitos que estou tentando desenvolver .
simple and easy to use
great !
simple straightforward app
i love this app ! very easy to use and it phelps me to keep track of my progress . a+
i really like this apps , it is so easy to use .
great app motivates you to keep going
i think its awesome
cool app ! i use it everyday !
great app with great notifications : OK_hand :
excellent app , excellent widgets . i use this with widget as my daily habit manager . could do with an update and could have other features but what it does ( help maintain habit streaks ) it does better than any other app i 've found . i bought premium one off to use the apps.its worth it for me . do n't usually buy subscriptions but a couple dollars once off worth it . free to use though , only widgets are premium
really good
helps remind me of my goal
best app ever ! it keeps track of your habits and , if you turn on reminders , it also keeps you accountable of the goals you set . simply genius !
very useful
easy to use , set up a lot of goals .... easy to track .
always reliable . great statistics for understanding !
simple amazing ! ! if you want to change a habit for a good one use this app . life changing ! ! !
very effective and easy to use habit tracker
a lot of work to make this app . wonderful for good habbits building .
excellent
works great !
good app , but does not respect `` do not disturb '' mode and keeps waking me up every night . edit : the issue is fixed , giving the deserved 5 stars . edit2 : this is not fixed , after all . somehow this app not only not respects the do not disturb mode , but also manages to send notifications one hour after i fell asleep . today it sounded around 4 am ! ! !
could be good if basic features like icons were n't locked behind a paid subscription . update : your calling themes an advanced feature because you want to not because it is one .... sorry but changing the background color to black , which it should be in the first place is n't an advanced feature , it 's about one line of code . i 'm a software engineer myself and know the difference between the two . same goes for icons which are essentially to app functionality . check out notion for a great example .
there are more effective , and honest , ways to turn a buck in the playstore . crippling your app with a paywall only drives home just how unnecessary the app is .
i just can not be notified . please . fix it . so i could give 5 stars .
do n't offer to send notifications if you wo n't actually do it . that was the whole reason why i thought this would help me and it did n't . will be uninstalling .
key functionalities of the app are hidden behind a subscription of $ 6.50 per month with the best deal . simply shameless .
ads too frequent , did n't even finish setting up first days tasks
crippled version without even a way to purchase outright . edit : i 'll be clearer . many apps features are disabled . but there is no way to just buy the app . the only option is some ongoing payment subscription which makes no sense as this app does not provide any ongoing or backend service , it 's just an app ! and a simple one at that . it 's like going to buy a water bottle and going to check out they take your credit card info and charge you the same price every year that you use the bottle . bottom line , it 's just a scummy business practice .
notifications do n't work . it 's a shame , because i wanted to buy a subscription . [ edit ] okay , i already know what 's going on . the operating system of my smartphone is miui . this app 's notifications work when the battery saver mode is turned off . at the same time , in the application settings i have the option : `` no restrictions - battery saver does n't restrict app 's activity . '' other applications similar to this one ( todo , habits ) work with this option and at the same time enable battery saving .
it seems the app is not build for longer and more complex use . it looks like it can be used for people that plan to follow and develop their behaviour but the level of this app is of a game . takes too long for resolving the bugs and no reaction to feedback . app crashes when using the calendar options . this should not happend when using payed version of the app . waiting for improvement or giving up using and paying for this app .
the app does n't notify me when the task is ready to do . please fix it or tell me what to do . only when runs the app tasks work .
rs1050 have been deducted from my account twice for yearly subscription but in the app its showing that i have not purchased any subscription yet
the app is amazing and has the perfect layout for a list rpg . but there 's a subscription you have to pay for . literally completely ruins the purpose of the app .
enough with the pop-up ads ! i do n't mind if an app has ads , but if i 'm going to be interrupted by a 15 second video every 5 seconds while i 'm checking off my list i 'm deleting your app . and no , i 'm not going to subscribe just because you keep popping up the subscription page . if i have to pay to make the app decently usable , you may as well require i pay for it to begin with .
all right so to be clear , this app is amazing and i 'm really happy to see that someone has made their own version of it ! even though it 's such a great program , it became unusable at day one . it had bugs and limitations that hindered what i was attempting to accomplish . problems such as : inaccurate characteristics , no quick access from rewards to inventory , non removable default achievements , inaccurate values on skills after undoing a task and hidden xp multiplier from skills to characteristics .
looks really complicated , and it 's entirely prescription based . i felt like i needed to take a class to learn it . there are a lot of apps like this . i 'll try another one .
read a negative review which had a reply to someone calling out the subscription , they said all `` major '' features are available for free . no , no they are n't you ca n't access the calendar at all it 's an entire tab on the bottom of the app it 's pretty `` major '' in my book
app crashed after creating a daily task with 2 day habit . would fail and bring up a warning that the task failed and to press ok. however you couldnt tap ok , it just did nothing . this happened every time . gave up and uninstalled the app . on a pixel 2 xl
too much ads appeared out of no where .
decent app but repeatedly asking me to pay a monthly subscription for a fancy to-do list is completely unacceptable . take no for an answer .
annoying , obstructive ads . got fed up after one had a fake x button that was designed to trick you into tapping on it .
i 'm sure the dev is well intended . just no for me . ux is terrible .
super cool if you 're a dude and want one of the multitude of dude avatars . if you 're a woman , i hope you want to be a nun , a woman holding an umbrella over a puppy , or part of a couple . not even kidding . definitely a guy created this app and had an all guy panel of betas .
kicks me out of the game instantly . not for me .
the pop up adverts are so loud ... terible !
do n't download . after installation my calendar was full of commercials ! `` you won an iphone '' events with alarms .
notification not working
could n't figure out how to set reminder times wo n't do anything other then am
only just discovered there 's a bit of a , sub did n't make that clear before sign up no chance its a cheek doing it sneekly you should be ashamed deleted
very bad experience
i love all the recent changes you have made - especially the ability to undo things in the history . could you please add an option to manually reorder tasks ? i would like to put mine in the order that i do them throughout the day , and none of your sorting allows that . thanks ! update : it 's been 22 months since you said you 'd make drag and drop sorting an option . i see monthly updates but not the one feature that would make this app user friendly . do n't promise what you wo n't deliver .
tasks do n't update their descriptions until you quit and re-open . ca n't set more than 7 tasks without paying an absurdly expensive weekly subscription
подписка на полгода пропала сразу же после переустановки приложения .
че то вступительного туториала не достаточно , чтобы понять что делать
crashes on android 4.4 ( miui 9 )
buggy ! wo n't let me edit rewards . no .
auto-fail only works if you go to each task ? that 's not auto fail . makes no sense . might as well go back to life rpg . that feature was the only reason i even tried this . subscription model ridiculous . why would i pay a monthly fee for some icons ? they are helpful icons & necessary mostly , but that 's just ridiculously expensive for some icons . a one time fee is reasonable . even if it was like $ 5 . i wanted to like this app , but this got in the way .
my entire plan was suddenly removed
this is worst task game in my life
the english used is very poor , thus , if the developed can not master simple rules of grammar , why should i trust them with such sensitive subject matter ? uninstalled !
somehow bought it 's own subscription ? then i had trouble cancelling . was enjoying til it stole my money . i never saw any payment authorization window .
uninstall app that wants sell me every small feature : check_mark : done
this app is very , very , very sexist . when you start the app up and go into the `` icon '' menu for the avatar of your `` hero '' character , the vast majority of the icons possibile to select are definitively male . worse yet is that all of the ones 'intresting ' in thier design - or portray something such as the workplace are entirely male . the few female icons avalible - more than half not even on their own- are showing an entirely narrow view with a subservient feeling in thier portrayal . the developers of this app should be ashamed of such blatant misogyny .
i click undo but retain the xp . no real theme or this app , very bland . needs character
one of the worst in the genre
good app , but does not respect `` do not disturb '' mode and keeps waking me up every night . edit : the issue is fixed , giving the deserved 5 stars . edit2 : this is not fixed , after all . somehow this app not only not respects the do not disturb mode , but also manages to send notifications one hour after i fell asleep . today it sounded around 4 am ! ! !
i just can not be notified . please . fix it . so i could give 5 stars .
i love all the recent changes you have made - especially the ability to undo things in the history . could you please add an option to manually reorder tasks ? i would like to put mine in the order that i do them throughout the day , and none of your sorting allows that . thanks ! update : it 's been 22 months since you said you 'd make drag and drop sorting an option . i see monthly updates but not the one feature that would make this app user friendly . do n't promise what you wo n't deliver .
do n't offer to send notifications if you wo n't actually do it . that was the whole reason why i thought this would help me and it did n't . will be uninstalling .
too much ads appeared out of no where .
key functionalities of the app are hidden behind a subscription of $ 6.50 per month with the best deal . simply shameless .
ads too frequent , did n't even finish setting up first days tasks
there are more effective , and honest , ways to turn a buck in the playstore . crippling your app with a paywall only drives home just how unnecessary the app is .
could be good if basic features like icons were n't locked behind a paid subscription . update : your calling themes an advanced feature because you want to not because it is one .... sorry but changing the background color to black , which it should be in the first place is n't an advanced feature , it 's about one line of code . i 'm a software engineer myself and know the difference between the two . same goes for icons which are essentially to app functionality . check out notion for a great example .
crippled version without even a way to purchase outright . edit : i 'll be clearer . many apps features are disabled . but there is no way to just buy the app . the only option is some ongoing payment subscription which makes no sense as this app does not provide any ongoing or backend service , it 's just an app ! and a simple one at that . it 's like going to buy a water bottle and going to check out they take your credit card info and charge you the same price every year that you use the bottle . bottom line , it 's just a scummy business practice .
only just discovered there 's a bit of a , sub did n't make that clear before sign up no chance its a cheek doing it sneekly you should be ashamed deleted
the app is amazing and has the perfect layout for a list rpg . but there 's a subscription you have to pay for . literally completely ruins the purpose of the app .
notifications do n't work . it 's a shame , because i wanted to buy a subscription . [ edit ] okay , i already know what 's going on . the operating system of my smartphone is miui . this app 's notifications work when the battery saver mode is turned off . at the same time , in the application settings i have the option : `` no restrictions - battery saver does n't restrict app 's activity . '' other applications similar to this one ( todo , habits ) work with this option and at the same time enable battery saving .
the app does n't notify me when the task is ready to do . please fix it or tell me what to do . only when runs the app tasks work .
rs1050 have been deducted from my account twice for yearly subscription but in the app its showing that i have not purchased any subscription yet
it seems the app is not build for longer and more complex use . it looks like it can be used for people that plan to follow and develop their behaviour but the level of this app is of a game . takes too long for resolving the bugs and no reaction to feedback . app crashes when using the calendar options . this should not happend when using payed version of the app . waiting for improvement or giving up using and paying for this app .
looks really complicated , and it 's entirely prescription based . i felt like i needed to take a class to learn it . there are a lot of apps like this . i 'll try another one .
подписка на полгода пропала сразу же после переустановки приложения .
i 'm sure the dev is well intended . just no for me . ux is terrible .
super cool if you 're a dude and want one of the multitude of dude avatars . if you 're a woman , i hope you want to be a nun , a woman holding an umbrella over a puppy , or part of a couple . not even kidding . definitely a guy created this app and had an all guy panel of betas .
do n't download . after installation my calendar was full of commercials ! `` you won an iphone '' events with alarms .
tasks do n't update their descriptions until you quit and re-open . ca n't set more than 7 tasks without paying an absurdly expensive weekly subscription
read a negative review which had a reply to someone calling out the subscription , they said all `` major '' features are available for free . no , no they are n't you ca n't access the calendar at all it 's an entire tab on the bottom of the app it 's pretty `` major '' in my book
app crashed after creating a daily task with 2 day habit . would fail and bring up a warning that the task failed and to press ok. however you couldnt tap ok , it just did nothing . this happened every time . gave up and uninstalled the app . on a pixel 2 xl
the pop up adverts are so loud ... terible !
decent app but repeatedly asking me to pay a monthly subscription for a fancy to-do list is completely unacceptable . take no for an answer .
enough with the pop-up ads ! i do n't mind if an app has ads , but if i 'm going to be interrupted by a 15 second video every 5 seconds while i 'm checking off my list i 'm deleting your app . and no , i 'm not going to subscribe just because you keep popping up the subscription page . if i have to pay to make the app decently usable , you may as well require i pay for it to begin with .
very bad experience
all right so to be clear , this app is amazing and i 'm really happy to see that someone has made their own version of it ! even though it 's such a great program , it became unusable at day one . it had bugs and limitations that hindered what i was attempting to accomplish . problems such as : inaccurate characteristics , no quick access from rewards to inventory , non removable default achievements , inaccurate values on skills after undoing a task and hidden xp multiplier from skills to characteristics .
annoying , obstructive ads . got fed up after one had a fake x button that was designed to trick you into tapping on it .
could n't figure out how to set reminder times wo n't do anything other then am
kicks me out of the game instantly . not for me .
че то вступительного туториала не достаточно , чтобы понять что делать
notification not working
crashes on android 4.4 ( miui 9 )
buggy ! wo n't let me edit rewards . no .
auto-fail only works if you go to each task ? that 's not auto fail . makes no sense . might as well go back to life rpg . that feature was the only reason i even tried this . subscription model ridiculous . why would i pay a monthly fee for some icons ? they are helpful icons & necessary mostly , but that 's just ridiculously expensive for some icons . a one time fee is reasonable . even if it was like $ 5 . i wanted to like this app , but this got in the way .
my entire plan was suddenly removed
this is worst task game in my life
the english used is very poor , thus , if the developed can not master simple rules of grammar , why should i trust them with such sensitive subject matter ? uninstalled !
somehow bought it 's own subscription ? then i had trouble cancelling . was enjoying til it stole my money . i never saw any payment authorization window .
uninstall app that wants sell me every small feature : check_mark : done
one of the worst in the genre
this app is very , very , very sexist . when you start the app up and go into the `` icon '' menu for the avatar of your `` hero '' character , the vast majority of the icons possibile to select are definitively male . worse yet is that all of the ones 'intresting ' in thier design - or portray something such as the workplace are entirely male . the few female icons avalible - more than half not even on their own- are showing an entirely narrow view with a subservient feeling in thier portrayal . the developers of this app should be ashamed of such blatant misogyny .
i click undo but retain the xp . no real theme or this app , very bland . needs character
so cool , but insanely expensive . also , was n't clear how to get started even with the manual . i have no reading comprehension issues , there is just no `` getting started '' section or similar . then i saw the fees , $ 50 ? ! wow that is high ! i hate when people gripe that they 're asked to pay for apps & am a big fan of supporting developers , but $ 50 is nuts . this is n't a service one subscribes to , ex . spotify , and $ 50 is nuts to purchase an app . not trying to be mean & am fine paying but $ 50 is way high .
when i checklist today 's note , automatically overdue 's note checked too ? ? what 's wrong .. ? ?
notifiction is not working properly . when i set a task reminder when it is near finish dead line . app doesnot send me task notification about its deadline . not working
i started getting notifications but all came at the same time instead of their specified times , so just removed them and no longer use . biggest feature i would like see fixed is there seem to be issues with using the `` today '' option for the task list widget . sometimes will only show one task and sometimes when i can complete all my tasks , the next day the list does n't refresh , still says `` all tasks are done ! ''
too complicated . i spent a half hour looking at the guide , trying to figure it out . created new characteristics and tasks , but on the home page , there 's no drop-down to choose a task . when i saw i 'd have to create one every time , i decided to uninstall . suggestion : create tutorial . no one has time for the long guide . if we did , we would n't need a productivity app .
do you love apps that design their experience to be poor unless you pay ongoing `` subscriptions '' for static feature sets that make the experience barely tolerable ? do you prefer having money siphoned from your account over and over again instead of paying a single small fee once for an app , like we used to see ? then this is the app for you ! add one more debit to your bank account they hope you 'll forget about ( and statistically speaking - you will ) for a stagnant app you 'll forget about in a week
i was going to give 4 stars , but the app does something kinda sleazy where it asks you what you would rate it and only redirects you to google play if you said five stars , so i lowered it to 2 stars .
confusing , over complicated , and bland looking . the fact that i had to go delete the habits that it had already chosen for me , made it worse
i liked it but most of intresting features was unable until you purchase them .
ok concept , but just takes way too much effort to make the core concept even work on a basic level . kind of feels like this kind of an app needs some sort of ai with suggestions for every parameter , and sync between different devices , to get the basic functionality into usable state .
one of the most expensive apps i have ever seen or tried . everything costs money . subscription ? check . paid themes ? check . i mean , i spent a fortune on apps , and i am in favor of continuous support , but still . losing my lifetime savings is just not okay . reminds me of the app newton mail where they went from free to oh my god this is expensive . imo users would sub way more if the options were affordable . sorry for 2/5 but if an app is inaccessible due to prices , i ca n't say that it 's an ok app
good idea , implementation to be revised . the management of the task is not clear . the dates are showed in a confusing way . again , the concept is good , but the user interface has to be improved and updated .
i try to set tasks for only specific days of the week , but it does not work . after i complete the task that 's it . it 's done forever , does n't repeat . since most of my tasks need this feature to work ... the app really is n't good for me .
annoying backup system . i 've had installed this app and logged in with google account once . i also tried some of the app 's features , but i uninstalled again because of reasons . after some times , i decided to install it again . so i made my tasks and the others without logging in first ( because i forgot ) . then , when i logged in with my google account after that , it replace my current data with the older one without warning . now all my newly created , more complete data is all gone .
spending $ 10 once or $ 5/year for a subscription would make sense to me ; but paying $ 15/year to use a to-do list ( when discounted ) is really excessive . this is a great tool - actually , i love it ; but i find it ridiculous to pay so much just to temporarily unlock basic features like a calendar . edit : since writing the above review , i 've found cheaper/free alternatives . the one i 'm using is called treat yourself . it 's free and does n't look great , but it serves my needs just right and i love it .
convoluted way of editing sub tasks and the undo button only works in te immediate moment after checking . stats ca n't be reset . all the little thingd take a long time to set up due to the way interface is handled . it 's also weird how 'done ' ca n't be hidden .
does n't do what i need it to do with setting recurring alarms , such as every 3 hours forever . it just says `` how many times '' do you want this to repeat but does n't let you choose hourly . just daily , weekly , etc .
is a pretty good app but it 's got a pretty big issue which is how is it going to keep track of how many things i 've done every day if it counts the current activity as if it was done the last corresponding day ?
quite good one but i prefer single purchase option . but seriously i like the statistics . well i saw it automatically logs out and not doing backup .
cool idea , but it keeps crashing when you try to add subtasks .
i 'm not interested in subscriptions . one time fee would be fine by me .
price is very high for indian users . we do n't get 1/10 of what a us citizen gets paid here so there app subscriptions at such prices do n't make a sense .
a chore to figure out
kind of ha are to get the hang of . maybe i 'm just stupid ! idk ! ! but i never did figure it out ...
i had to put in all the info
it is complicated .
user interface is so tough , specially for a new person .. even there is no guide that how to use .. on front there r those things which r not useful for a working person like those xp and all .. do n't know how to find week date or tym for an alert .. not impressive ..
repeats tick now ... however i encountered another problem . there 's no way to restore `` purchases '' . meaning if you subscribe and than reset/wipe the app or your phone , you ca n't use the subscription features anymore . and to get it back you have to completely resubscribe .
the ads on this app are cancerous and the subscription model for this type of app is ludicrous . charge a single flat rate . if the style does change to flat rate/ad free i 'll gladly change my review .
i really like the application so far . great interface and feature set . i 'd really like to see and would even do an inapp purchase for would be a much larger icon set . i think being able to group characteristics and skills would be awesome too . even better if the group can collapse . it would also be cool to see a health bar that represents the amount of time you have in a day to be productive . have it decrement as time passes and maybe make it adjustable for how much time you have in a day i think another tasklist app does that . overall a great application , i hope you continue working on this application . edit : the app is still decent , but taking away the option to just remove ads for a one time price in favor of subscription only has made me decide to stop using this application and change my previous 5 star rating to a 2 star rating .
by default , before the current update was rolled out , tasks were set to the date 'today ' . now they are being set to feb 1 , 3880. how weird !
so you reskinned liferpg ? what 's different here ?
i really liked the app but suddenly from nowhere all of my data were gone . one second they were fine then when i connect to the internet , it 's back at lvl 0 with the johnny avatar . it seemed that there was no way to get my data back . dropbox saved data seemed to have been overwritten so idk what to do . i feel betrayed being immersed in the apo then suddenly left hanging with the fact that i do n't even know what caused it .
this app is an excellent idea , if only it worked . i have been unable to move off the home screen without it crashing . its a shame as it has a lot of potential .
refreshing tasks is a nightmare
not a movable app
this is not an rpg ! ? ! ? ! ? ! this is a goal tracker with an avatar . ffs . so useless .
needs a dark mode .
good idea , implementation to be revised . the management of the task is not clear . the dates are showed in a confusing way . again , the concept is good , but the user interface has to be improved and updated .
ok concept , but just takes way too much effort to make the core concept even work on a basic level . kind of feels like this kind of an app needs some sort of ai with suggestions for every parameter , and sync between different devices , to get the basic functionality into usable state .
when i checklist today 's note , automatically overdue 's note checked too ? ? what 's wrong .. ? ?
so cool , but insanely expensive . also , was n't clear how to get started even with the manual . i have no reading comprehension issues , there is just no `` getting started '' section or similar . then i saw the fees , $ 50 ? ! wow that is high ! i hate when people gripe that they 're asked to pay for apps & am a big fan of supporting developers , but $ 50 is nuts . this is n't a service one subscribes to , ex . spotify , and $ 50 is nuts to purchase an app . not trying to be mean & am fine paying but $ 50 is way high .
a chore to figure out
notifiction is not working properly . when i set a task reminder when it is near finish dead line . app doesnot send me task notification about its deadline . not working
i had to put in all the info
one of the most expensive apps i have ever seen or tried . everything costs money . subscription ? check . paid themes ? check . i mean , i spent a fortune on apps , and i am in favor of continuous support , but still . losing my lifetime savings is just not okay . reminds me of the app newton mail where they went from free to oh my god this is expensive . imo users would sub way more if the options were affordable . sorry for 2/5 but if an app is inaccessible due to prices , i ca n't say that it 's an ok app
confusing , over complicated , and bland looking . the fact that i had to go delete the habits that it had already chosen for me , made it worse
i try to set tasks for only specific days of the week , but it does not work . after i complete the task that 's it . it 's done forever , does n't repeat . since most of my tasks need this feature to work ... the app really is n't good for me .
i was going to give 4 stars , but the app does something kinda sleazy where it asks you what you would rate it and only redirects you to google play if you said five stars , so i lowered it to 2 stars .
i started getting notifications but all came at the same time instead of their specified times , so just removed them and no longer use . biggest feature i would like see fixed is there seem to be issues with using the `` today '' option for the task list widget . sometimes will only show one task and sometimes when i can complete all my tasks , the next day the list does n't refresh , still says `` all tasks are done ! ''
i liked it but most of intresting features was unable until you purchase them .
do you love apps that design their experience to be poor unless you pay ongoing `` subscriptions '' for static feature sets that make the experience barely tolerable ? do you prefer having money siphoned from your account over and over again instead of paying a single small fee once for an app , like we used to see ? then this is the app for you ! add one more debit to your bank account they hope you 'll forget about ( and statistically speaking - you will ) for a stagnant app you 'll forget about in a week
too complicated . i spent a half hour looking at the guide , trying to figure it out . created new characteristics and tasks , but on the home page , there 's no drop-down to choose a task . when i saw i 'd have to create one every time , i decided to uninstall . suggestion : create tutorial . no one has time for the long guide . if we did , we would n't need a productivity app .
it is complicated .
spending $ 10 once or $ 5/year for a subscription would make sense to me ; but paying $ 15/year to use a to-do list ( when discounted ) is really excessive . this is a great tool - actually , i love it ; but i find it ridiculous to pay so much just to temporarily unlock basic features like a calendar . edit : since writing the above review , i 've found cheaper/free alternatives . the one i 'm using is called treat yourself . it 's free and does n't look great , but it serves my needs just right and i love it .
price is very high for indian users . we do n't get 1/10 of what a us citizen gets paid here so there app subscriptions at such prices do n't make a sense .
is a pretty good app but it 's got a pretty big issue which is how is it going to keep track of how many things i 've done every day if it counts the current activity as if it was done the last corresponding day ?
quite good one but i prefer single purchase option . but seriously i like the statistics . well i saw it automatically logs out and not doing backup .
annoying backup system . i 've had installed this app and logged in with google account once . i also tried some of the app 's features , but i uninstalled again because of reasons . after some times , i decided to install it again . so i made my tasks and the others without logging in first ( because i forgot ) . then , when i logged in with my google account after that , it replace my current data with the older one without warning . now all my newly created , more complete data is all gone .
cool idea , but it keeps crashing when you try to add subtasks .
i 'm not interested in subscriptions . one time fee would be fine by me .
kind of ha are to get the hang of . maybe i 'm just stupid ! idk ! ! but i never did figure it out ...
convoluted way of editing sub tasks and the undo button only works in te immediate moment after checking . stats ca n't be reset . all the little thingd take a long time to set up due to the way interface is handled . it 's also weird how 'done ' ca n't be hidden .
does n't do what i need it to do with setting recurring alarms , such as every 3 hours forever . it just says `` how many times '' do you want this to repeat but does n't let you choose hourly . just daily , weekly , etc .
user interface is so tough , specially for a new person .. even there is no guide that how to use .. on front there r those things which r not useful for a working person like those xp and all .. do n't know how to find week date or tym for an alert .. not impressive ..
repeats tick now ... however i encountered another problem . there 's no way to restore `` purchases '' . meaning if you subscribe and than reset/wipe the app or your phone , you ca n't use the subscription features anymore . and to get it back you have to completely resubscribe .
the ads on this app are cancerous and the subscription model for this type of app is ludicrous . charge a single flat rate . if the style does change to flat rate/ad free i 'll gladly change my review .
i really like the application so far . great interface and feature set . i 'd really like to see and would even do an inapp purchase for would be a much larger icon set . i think being able to group characteristics and skills would be awesome too . even better if the group can collapse . it would also be cool to see a health bar that represents the amount of time you have in a day to be productive . have it decrement as time passes and maybe make it adjustable for how much time you have in a day i think another tasklist app does that . overall a great application , i hope you continue working on this application . edit : the app is still decent , but taking away the option to just remove ads for a one time price in favor of subscription only has made me decide to stop using this application and change my previous 5 star rating to a 2 star rating .
so you reskinned liferpg ? what 's different here ?
by default , before the current update was rolled out , tasks were set to the date 'today ' . now they are being set to feb 1 , 3880. how weird !
this app is an excellent idea , if only it worked . i have been unable to move off the home screen without it crashing . its a shame as it has a lot of potential .
refreshing tasks is a nightmare
i really liked the app but suddenly from nowhere all of my data were gone . one second they were fine then when i connect to the internet , it 's back at lvl 0 with the johnny avatar . it seemed that there was no way to get my data back . dropbox saved data seemed to have been overwritten so idk what to do . i feel betrayed being immersed in the apo then suddenly left hanging with the fact that i do n't even know what caused it .
not a movable app
this is not an rpg ! ? ! ? ! ? ! this is a goal tracker with an avatar . ffs . so useless .
needs a dark mode .
this is a re-review . this could be the best habit tracker , goal setter and task manager , with some really great features like nested lists and smart/auto grouping and a very versatile repeat task setup . just do n't confuse the 'game ' in rpg for any actual gameplay ; but it does have a very elaborate character design and advancement system , that deserves recognition , allowing for a well rounded and unique hero which grows with every task performed in the user 's daily life . however do it now does hamstring itself by overlooking some very important integral functionality . firstly there is no way to order the tasks set out in any of the groups . after a solid month of use , building some projects with subtasks which had subtasks , and setting up several habit based routines , the lack of prioritisation or task ordering created a confusing clutter of items which looked no different from the next . while auto-grouping and smart grouping should have been able to help sort that out the lack of ability for the user to remove any task from these groups meant every task appeared , once again losing the important ones in the clutter . user defined groups could only contain the items specifically placed in them- but once again a large project with a number of different aspects can not be ordered into a sensible linear series .. with no social aspect currently attached to the app ( as at ver 2.23.0 ) there is no task sharing . there is also no designated pc/mac/linux front end for desktop syncing . finally it 's expensive as apps go . a one off of $ 75 will get the full version , or about $ 2.50 a month ( paid yearly ) , which removes ads and gives calendar access . original review : `` a good way to make the tedium of self regulation a bit more fun . being able to plan to skip things when away from regular activities is handy . it would be nice to see characteristic and skill based modifiers affect related task improvements as they raise and subtask attached leader . ''
good app and i like the setups that are already prepared for when u log in . my problem with the app is that it 's too overwhelming . too many things to manage and for my easily distracted and anxious brain it 's too much . as constructive that can actually be applied -- please make it so the tasks actually leave the list ocne they are completed . some are infinite and its difficult to focus on what needs to be done . otherwise . good job on this app it 's well made .
i used to use habitica , and i must say this is a great step up . i 'd like to see more social features , such as sharing tasks - only one person has to perform said task for it to be checked off , but only giving that person the experience and gold . otherwise , the price for subscription is too steep , thus resulting in a sub-perfect score . i could easily justify $ 0.99/month or eternal subscription for $ 15 . if that price could be met , as well as fine tuning , this would be easily worth 5 stars .
i like the idea how it shows my skills but i hate it when it organize the tasks in orders , it sets up automatically wherever it wants . manual task organizer should be available .
the app is great for the most part , i just wish that the 'notification option ' for tasks would actually alert me . no alarm or even a pop-up message . i got this to help me remember to take care of certain things due to memory issues , but it 's not gon na be of any help if i ca n't even remember i have the app . please fix the alarm notification system .
was really looking for an app that lets me have multiple repeats for a task within the same day , everyday . duplicating a task multiple times and then making those into subtasks seems to be the only way , but it clutters up the task list ( like 8 lines so i 'm reminded to drink 8 glasses of water ) and then subtasks show up twice in the daily list , both within and outside of the main task . i thought the `` repeat every 1 day , 8 times '' custom setting might work , but it 's a different function .
i 've just installed this app and will definitely play with it in the next few weeks . it really looks nice and really structured ! so far my only surprise is that there 's no female icon for the person . only nuns or dancers , but not a simple female icon that does n't do anything - just stands . hello , is this app exclusively for men or is the icon hidden somewhere ?
i am in love with this app so far . i wish there was an ios version available to connect with my friends though ... i would recommend this to everyone otherwise ! 3 stars for now due to limited availability .
i like that this app notifies you for tasks , but it should respect android system 's do not disturb ! ! i should n't be reminded when i sleeping and i explicitly turn off notifications ( no other app i have notifies me in do not disturb mode )
as someone who has adhd and deals with executive dysfunction , this is a very useful app ! there are a lot of paywalls though .
app itself is nice but needs a lot of polish . right now it 's kind of a bugfest .
it 's a good start ... i currently have a 1 month subscription . needs more habit type features . needs to track , display and keep a record of current and longest streaks . repeat option needs much more options like ; 1. a way to track a task that 's done a certain number of times a day like 3 times a day . 2. repeat week , should also have the option to have the task done a certain amount of days not just on specific days . 3. achievements should have an option for completing consecutive days .
this app could be five stars to me . what is stopping me is the confusion on knowing just what tasks to do or not to do . there 's a confusing list of tasks that show up at the bottom and if i did not do them the day before or not click them , they just show up there . if i delete a task from the calendar on accident what do i do ? the calendar should be completely removed cuz it 's worthless . i think tasks should have some sort of streak function or show how many times you have done it in a row .
i went from touching the app once a day to once a week , over the span of about 2 months . would be better if notifications were functional/ could be enabled . i like the concept of being a hero , though . i just always fail all my daily set tasks ( repeatedly back to level 0 hahaha ... ) -- i stick to my sticky notes app ( with reminders ) that i 've been using for years . [ edit 11/10/19 ] : i see notifications on appear on my phone now ! thank you .
the fact there are no predefined tasks makes it super hard to use . or rather this will work if user can just define the task ( quest ) easily . or maybe we can import ( by purchasing ) some set of quests . for me it is still quite confusing and hard to manage with all the options offered . would be use it furthere more if not too complicated
a very good but incomplete idea . there is no way to track time spent on certain habits . there is a big difference between doing 5 minutes of something and doing it for 1 hour ... besides the statistics are super limited and basic .
might be good , but it does n't have task library and trying to set everything up myself is not worth it .
app crashing a lot . do look into it and solve the problem asap .
it would be great if the notifications actually works ! ! i do n't get notified by any task i put in at all
very motivational , but what 's with the subscription fee ! ? fifteen dollars a year ? ?
setting things up can be a bit confusing but overall it 's good . the notifications are n't working on my phone , and when setting the task to something that can be completed all day , i 'd like to be able to set times for me to get notifications about it without having to do the weird `` give me a notification 12 hours before '' the whole point of me getting a to-do list app was to have not only a list , but reminders , so until the notifications work i 'll have to resort to a different app .
ads were annoying and it took a lot of steps to set up tasks . however , it was nifty to use and definitely allowed a lot of control due to the aforementioned steps .
asks for a subscription to get all the features . i 'd pay a one time fee only . guess you do n't want my money bad enough . edit : yes i know which is why you got a negative review . i like your app . i do n't like paying subs . i raised u to 3 stars for taking this so we 'll . all to often devs get all butt hurt . add a feature to buy a lifetime license even if it 's 20 dollars and i 'll buy it . or give us an option to see ads without a sub at least . cheers . do this than 5 stars .
i wanted to buy the app but the subscription feature turned me down . i wish there was a one time purchase option to unlock essential things like calendar , unlimited inventory etc .. ( and the subscription for themes , sounds and other cosmetic stuffs )
i really like the app , but i would enjoy it more if there was the ability to manually order tasks through simple drag and drop like in liferpg . also , if there was a quicker way to edit like in life rpg that would be great . i would be willing to pay as a way of supporting you guys , but right now liferpg is more practical and they 'll get my money until you catch up . love the decreasing skills btw : )
it 's not bad . but it seems greedy . like , why do i have to pay to unlock individual color themes if i 'm paying a monthly subscription ? also , liferpg was so much better than this . more icons to choose from and they were free . if you 're going to make an app that copies all the ideas from liferpg , at least make it better . why ca n't i make an accomplishment like : learned blank piece of music , without having to tie it to accomplishing a certain number of tasks or reaching a certain level ?
really amazing , but there are pop-up adverts if you 're not a member , and for someone like me that 's quite a few adverts daily . very annoying ! , but everything else is perfect . fyi the designers have to eat so i 'm not mad but god damn that 's annoying would be really cool if you could at least watch a bunch of adverts at once so you do n't have to do it later . just an idea id be up for .
i really like this app , makes life more fun foy adhd brain . but sound making ads are a real pain . i 'm okay with the ads in general , they do n't pop up often enough to be annoying . but can we get rid of the ones that make sound so i can stop embarrassing myself in a quiet class room after checking off an assignment ?
overall a really good app . well thought . however , i would personally spend some time on the interface/interactions . it became too many steps for my preferences . realizing i needed to change a bunch of tasks , i had to pick a task , bottom right to edit , then tap below description , untick termless , select date , click ok top right , another ok top right . that 's too much . i suggest adding swiping options to the task ( look at nine email as an example ) . but overall good . might return one day : )
a decent app for its intents and purposes but i struggle to stay invested . it 's visually good , great icons and colours , also has a nice selection of skills . my biggest issue is the navigation . i ca n't immediately see or twirl down to see subtasks . actually marking something as done , especially subtasks is a challenge - mostly because you face to keep tapping through the task and pages of info to get there . perhaps a mind map or something would make it easier .
the app itself is a wonderful idea , but the interface and functions need a lot of work in my opinion . it took me so long to figure out how to set up a habit , and i still do n't understand how to use a task groups or steps . i gave up and came back to my previous tracker because it was too complicated and time consuming to learn how to use this one . anyway , i will definitely retry after an update : )
very interesting concept but it 's extremely time consuming to setup and add all the content you need . also being able to edit everything and choose the rewards freely kinda looses it 's purpose . i understand some people might like the feature , but i personally do not . overall , great app if you have the time to set it up and get familiar with it .
it would be good if it had alot of tasks that are given by the app accordingly to your interest , and even recommend books , etc . also if there was a competitive mode where you can see what level other players are , and that to level up you have to do certain things that can be verified somehow ( for example , read book requires a picture of a book with your face , or run requires a tracking through the gps to actually verify yoy ran ) in this way it can even be competitive
with discipline training apps , the market bet is on already diligent people to buy your app . with such a small margin of customers you can not expect success from limiting customization options to microtransactions . let alone subscriptions . otherwise the app was decent . good work ! credit where credit is due !
good experience , nice concept , sad that it 's not completely free for a to-do list , and completely frustrating that it keeps crashing everytime i want to edit my level and changing my avatar . it went brainfarted when it got overwhelmed by a long list of levels starting from 50 .
it actually is a good app , but it wont do the one other thing i need it to do , which is notify me of a task i set . one day it does and the others it does n't . i have reset my phone settings several times because of this , looked it up and still no results
i love the idea of it , but currently it 's far too complicated for me to use . i 'd love it very much if all the setting rewards and gained skills was a little easier to do .
there could be any difference between gold that we earn . if my rewards are `` cheat meal '' and `` netflix episode '' and tasks are `` run 10 km '' and `` read a book '' , it should n't be able to get a cheat meal reward for reading a book ...
awesome idea , five plus in advance . although , turns out there are more appealing apps , interface wise . but non the less , it is all about insides , not the outside .
it crossed my mind to buy the full version but then i saw they want a monthly payment . why not just make it $ 5 lifetime ? seems like a good app not sure who copied who with liferpg seems too similar .
this app should be made to work around certain schedules . for example ; people who work the third shift ( graveyard shift ) , have a completely different schedule than , say a person who works a 9-5/7-3/3-11 , etc . i 'm certain this adjustment would be greatly appreciated
ok but does n't feel too user friendly and kinda weird that the calendar is behind a paywall
needs fixes ... like the repetition is screwed also the generate habit ... looks like the developers do n't use it themselves .
suggestion : can tasks take things from the inventory ? maybe some items can only be acquired through achievements and those items are needed to complete a task .
this app is great but the setting of the aims and the tasks takes a long period of time therefore it eats up your productivity
the app is great but after using awhile it start to lag .
everything requires you to pay money might as well make it a paid game instead of deceiving people for a free app
i love the concept but i would love to see a list of suggested 'to dos ' cuz i can never think of things to do
its ok , notifications dont work very often .
too much paid only
reminder does n't work
1. кривой и неработающий экспорт и импорт . 2. нельзя удалить базовые навыки , заданий и характеристики . 3. нельзя удалять сразу несколько навыков , заданий и характеристик . 4. кнопка отчислить данные не удаляет всё , а только откатывает к базовым . спустя пару месяцев снова установил приложение . загрузил с автосохронерия данных - загрузилось всё базовое и с диска тоже самое ( настройки тоже ) . проверял после установки изменяя данные и сохраняя их потом . итог : после загрузки зброс к базовым .
do n't like it very much , but i think it 's just not for me . it 's very complex and deep with tasks and such ( i could even set the percentage of fear for a task ... what ? ? ) so i did n't get very far before i just said `` forget it '' . my life is too busy for such complexity .
uhm there 's a little bug that i encountered , i can not disable the skill decay : < pls fix i 'll give 5 stars
i really liked the app and had been using it for a few weeks . but a while ago whenever i would open the app , it would load for a bit but then freeze and crash if i tapped anything . the rest of my phone still works fine ( does n't freeze ) while this happens . is there anything i can do to fix this ? i would love to continue using this app . thank you ! ( and i have tried uninstalling and reinstalling . ) edit : clearing did solve the problem for now . too bad i had to give up all the progress i made . but thank you anyway , at least i can use the app again .
loved the app but at some point it stopped letting me look at my tasks without instantly crashing so i 'm not using it anymore . i 'll be sure to try it again and recommend it to friends if the issue is n't present next time . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
i thought it was a really good app until today . it started to crush and i could n't do anything to backup . i lost all of my options , to-do lists , achievements . do n't know what should i do , really disappointed . auto back-up should be offline too and must be selected when we start to use app or you should use your own database system to backup files ( not dropbox )
it was really good for helping me to get motivated for a few days , but when i shut my phone off the notifications stop coming until i open the app again , and check off something .
great app . needs a few things like task fail without consequences option . mostly a full paid version without subscription or in app purchase . not every one has everything connected to internet all the time .
it 's such a spectacular idea but i had trouble figuring out all of the different aspects and it was just too much for putting in tasks on a day-to-day basis .
everything about this app is perfect ! except for the widget support . the widget does n't update with the new tasks i make in the app . and i wish i could mark tasks as complete right from the widget . i would also like to be able to make multiple notifications for one task , or set one task to repeat multiple times a day . i also wish the notification for the mission would show up every time . great start
hey , guys ! this is good idea ! however , i have a feedback for you : several times i accidentally was clicking task more than once , so i was increasing my level . i did n't found related settings . i think you should make task clickable ( checkable , do you get me ? ) ) only once per day , and highlight the finished tasks . this features will prevent accidental checking , therefore increasing level incorrectly . could you explain me how to use such features , if you already have them ? ?
this is ok ! but it required bunch of upgrade and some new features ! will keep it ! but wait till is it perfect !
are there any guides out there ?
the concept is good . but why the app is not notifying me about thr task even though i have turned the notification on ? this is very bad .
the app is good but a faq would be appreciated . for example , i can not find out how to create a group for my tasks .
this is unforgivably close to perfect . why no timer ? so many tasks are long-term and need to be chipped away at bit by bit . you could have it where once a task was selected , the timer would start , and you would earn a certain amount of experience and coin for every x amount of minutes completed . as it is , i have two pair this app with a different promodo app .
i ca n't be the only one multitasking . therefore , i do n't have time to figure out a basic program . i put in a picture and it was so tiny ! i put in my tasks yet some are `` timeless '' , some are daily , and there was powerlifting ! i 'm physically crippled !
my settings kept on changing ever time i reopen the app . for example , fear is set to zero , when i open the app again , fear is set to 80. why ? please fix this . it 's getting tiresome to re-do the settings over and over .
its almost what i was looking for apart from is there a way to set how much xp is required to advance in level and how much xp completing a task will give you ? e.g . i want to make it so i start at level 40 in benchpress and achieving 91kg will put me at level 41. i will reach level 100 in benchpress by the time i can do 150kg , completing 120kg would put me on level 70 etc . otherwise the numbers are just meaningless to me . really i want to set it up so when i reach my goal in each thing i am at level 100 .
but ca n't really test this out since i 'm tied with habitica . oh yeah , i personally do n't like the avatars though ... it 'd be nice if to upload your own avatar . oh , just saw other people suggest the same lol .
but then it started locking up everytime i tried to load it . ←ved it until then .
it 's a pity that your tasks become overdue not according to your system time ...
a intenção é boa , mas a interface é bastante confusa . || the intention is good , but the interface is too confusing
it ok , gets boring after a while
you 're good guys . your efforts are admirable please consider making the app available to milions of people and support `` rtl '' .
it is a good application . it is very useful . it is just okay .
good but not ok
good app and i like the setups that are already prepared for when u log in . my problem with the app is that it 's too overwhelming . too many things to manage and for my easily distracted and anxious brain it 's too much . as constructive that can actually be applied -- please make it so the tasks actually leave the list ocne they are completed . some are infinite and its difficult to focus on what needs to be done . otherwise . good job on this app it 's well made .
i like the idea how it shows my skills but i hate it when it organize the tasks in orders , it sets up automatically wherever it wants . manual task organizer should be available .
this is a re-review . this could be the best habit tracker , goal setter and task manager , with some really great features like nested lists and smart/auto grouping and a very versatile repeat task setup . just do n't confuse the 'game ' in rpg for any actual gameplay ; but it does have a very elaborate character design and advancement system , that deserves recognition , allowing for a well rounded and unique hero which grows with every task performed in the user 's daily life . however do it now does hamstring itself by overlooking some very important integral functionality . firstly there is no way to order the tasks set out in any of the groups . after a solid month of use , building some projects with subtasks which had subtasks , and setting up several habit based routines , the lack of prioritisation or task ordering created a confusing clutter of items which looked no different from the next . while auto-grouping and smart grouping should have been able to help sort that out the lack of ability for the user to remove any task from these groups meant every task appeared , once again losing the important ones in the clutter . user defined groups could only contain the items specifically placed in them- but once again a large project with a number of different aspects can not be ordered into a sensible linear series .. with no social aspect currently attached to the app ( as at ver 2.23.0 ) there is no task sharing . there is also no designated pc/mac/linux front end for desktop syncing . finally it 's expensive as apps go . a one off of $ 75 will get the full version , or about $ 2.50 a month ( paid yearly ) , which removes ads and gives calendar access . original review : `` a good way to make the tedium of self regulation a bit more fun . being able to plan to skip things when away from regular activities is handy . it would be nice to see characteristic and skill based modifiers affect related task improvements as they raise and subtask attached leader . ''
i used to use habitica , and i must say this is a great step up . i 'd like to see more social features , such as sharing tasks - only one person has to perform said task for it to be checked off , but only giving that person the experience and gold . otherwise , the price for subscription is too steep , thus resulting in a sub-perfect score . i could easily justify $ 0.99/month or eternal subscription for $ 15 . if that price could be met , as well as fine tuning , this would be easily worth 5 stars .
as someone who has adhd and deals with executive dysfunction , this is a very useful app ! there are a lot of paywalls though .
was really looking for an app that lets me have multiple repeats for a task within the same day , everyday . duplicating a task multiple times and then making those into subtasks seems to be the only way , but it clutters up the task list ( like 8 lines so i 'm reminded to drink 8 glasses of water ) and then subtasks show up twice in the daily list , both within and outside of the main task . i thought the `` repeat every 1 day , 8 times '' custom setting might work , but it 's a different function .
i like that this app notifies you for tasks , but it should respect android system 's do not disturb ! ! i should n't be reminded when i sleeping and i explicitly turn off notifications ( no other app i have notifies me in do not disturb mode )
i 've just installed this app and will definitely play with it in the next few weeks . it really looks nice and really structured ! so far my only surprise is that there 's no female icon for the person . only nuns or dancers , but not a simple female icon that does n't do anything - just stands . hello , is this app exclusively for men or is the icon hidden somewhere ?
i am in love with this app so far . i wish there was an ios version available to connect with my friends though ... i would recommend this to everyone otherwise ! 3 stars for now due to limited availability .
this app should be made to work around certain schedules . for example ; people who work the third shift ( graveyard shift ) , have a completely different schedule than , say a person who works a 9-5/7-3/3-11 , etc . i 'm certain this adjustment would be greatly appreciated
the app is great for the most part , i just wish that the 'notification option ' for tasks would actually alert me . no alarm or even a pop-up message . i got this to help me remember to take care of certain things due to memory issues , but it 's not gon na be of any help if i ca n't even remember i have the app . please fix the alarm notification system .
ads were annoying and it took a lot of steps to set up tasks . however , it was nifty to use and definitely allowed a lot of control due to the aforementioned steps .
app itself is nice but needs a lot of polish . right now it 's kind of a bugfest .
this app could be five stars to me . what is stopping me is the confusion on knowing just what tasks to do or not to do . there 's a confusing list of tasks that show up at the bottom and if i did not do them the day before or not click them , they just show up there . if i delete a task from the calendar on accident what do i do ? the calendar should be completely removed cuz it 's worthless . i think tasks should have some sort of streak function or show how many times you have done it in a row .
it 's a good start ... i currently have a 1 month subscription . needs more habit type features . needs to track , display and keep a record of current and longest streaks . repeat option needs much more options like ; 1. a way to track a task that 's done a certain number of times a day like 3 times a day . 2. repeat week , should also have the option to have the task done a certain amount of days not just on specific days . 3. achievements should have an option for completing consecutive days .
1. кривой и неработающий экспорт и импорт . 2. нельзя удалить базовые навыки , заданий и характеристики . 3. нельзя удалять сразу несколько навыков , заданий и характеристик . 4. кнопка отчислить данные не удаляет всё , а только откатывает к базовым . спустя пару месяцев снова установил приложение . загрузил с автосохронерия данных - загрузилось всё базовое и с диска тоже самое ( настройки тоже ) . проверял после установки изменяя данные и сохраняя их потом . итог : после загрузки зброс к базовым .
might be good , but it does n't have task library and trying to set everything up myself is not worth it .
app crashing a lot . do look into it and solve the problem asap .
a very good but incomplete idea . there is no way to track time spent on certain habits . there is a big difference between doing 5 minutes of something and doing it for 1 hour ... besides the statistics are super limited and basic .
very motivational , but what 's with the subscription fee ! ? fifteen dollars a year ? ?
the fact there are no predefined tasks makes it super hard to use . or rather this will work if user can just define the task ( quest ) easily . or maybe we can import ( by purchasing ) some set of quests . for me it is still quite confusing and hard to manage with all the options offered . would be use it furthere more if not too complicated
it would be great if the notifications actually works ! ! i do n't get notified by any task i put in at all
ok but does n't feel too user friendly and kinda weird that the calendar is behind a paywall
i went from touching the app once a day to once a week , over the span of about 2 months . would be better if notifications were functional/ could be enabled . i like the concept of being a hero , though . i just always fail all my daily set tasks ( repeatedly back to level 0 hahaha ... ) -- i stick to my sticky notes app ( with reminders ) that i 've been using for years . [ edit 11/10/19 ] : i see notifications on appear on my phone now ! thank you .
setting things up can be a bit confusing but overall it 's good . the notifications are n't working on my phone , and when setting the task to something that can be completed all day , i 'd like to be able to set times for me to get notifications about it without having to do the weird `` give me a notification 12 hours before '' the whole point of me getting a to-do list app was to have not only a list , but reminders , so until the notifications work i 'll have to resort to a different app .
asks for a subscription to get all the features . i 'd pay a one time fee only . guess you do n't want my money bad enough . edit : yes i know which is why you got a negative review . i like your app . i do n't like paying subs . i raised u to 3 stars for taking this so we 'll . all to often devs get all butt hurt . add a feature to buy a lifetime license even if it 's 20 dollars and i 'll buy it . or give us an option to see ads without a sub at least . cheers . do this than 5 stars .
i wanted to buy the app but the subscription feature turned me down . i wish there was a one time purchase option to unlock essential things like calendar , unlimited inventory etc .. ( and the subscription for themes , sounds and other cosmetic stuffs )
really amazing , but there are pop-up adverts if you 're not a member , and for someone like me that 's quite a few adverts daily . very annoying ! , but everything else is perfect . fyi the designers have to eat so i 'm not mad but god damn that 's annoying would be really cool if you could at least watch a bunch of adverts at once so you do n't have to do it later . just an idea id be up for .
it would be good if it had alot of tasks that are given by the app accordingly to your interest , and even recommend books , etc . also if there was a competitive mode where you can see what level other players are , and that to level up you have to do certain things that can be verified somehow ( for example , read book requires a picture of a book with your face , or run requires a tracking through the gps to actually verify yoy ran ) in this way it can even be competitive
good experience , nice concept , sad that it 's not completely free for a to-do list , and completely frustrating that it keeps crashing everytime i want to edit my level and changing my avatar . it went brainfarted when it got overwhelmed by a long list of levels starting from 50 .
a decent app for its intents and purposes but i struggle to stay invested . it 's visually good , great icons and colours , also has a nice selection of skills . my biggest issue is the navigation . i ca n't immediately see or twirl down to see subtasks . actually marking something as done , especially subtasks is a challenge - mostly because you face to keep tapping through the task and pages of info to get there . perhaps a mind map or something would make it easier .
reminder does n't work
there could be any difference between gold that we earn . if my rewards are `` cheat meal '' and `` netflix episode '' and tasks are `` run 10 km '' and `` read a book '' , it should n't be able to get a cheat meal reward for reading a book ...
it crossed my mind to buy the full version but then i saw they want a monthly payment . why not just make it $ 5 lifetime ? seems like a good app not sure who copied who with liferpg seems too similar .
very interesting concept but it 's extremely time consuming to setup and add all the content you need . also being able to edit everything and choose the rewards freely kinda looses it 's purpose . i understand some people might like the feature , but i personally do not . overall , great app if you have the time to set it up and get familiar with it .
overall a really good app . well thought . however , i would personally spend some time on the interface/interactions . it became too many steps for my preferences . realizing i needed to change a bunch of tasks , i had to pick a task , bottom right to edit , then tap below description , untick termless , select date , click ok top right , another ok top right . that 's too much . i suggest adding swiping options to the task ( look at nine email as an example ) . but overall good . might return one day : )
everything requires you to pay money might as well make it a paid game instead of deceiving people for a free app
awesome idea , five plus in advance . although , turns out there are more appealing apps , interface wise . but non the less , it is all about insides , not the outside .
i love the concept but i would love to see a list of suggested 'to dos ' cuz i can never think of things to do
the app is great but after using awhile it start to lag .
too much paid only
the app itself is a wonderful idea , but the interface and functions need a lot of work in my opinion . it took me so long to figure out how to set up a habit , and i still do n't understand how to use a task groups or steps . i gave up and came back to my previous tracker because it was too complicated and time consuming to learn how to use this one . anyway , i will definitely retry after an update : )
i really like this app , makes life more fun foy adhd brain . but sound making ads are a real pain . i 'm okay with the ads in general , they do n't pop up often enough to be annoying . but can we get rid of the ones that make sound so i can stop embarrassing myself in a quiet class room after checking off an assignment ?
i love the idea of it , but currently it 's far too complicated for me to use . i 'd love it very much if all the setting rewards and gained skills was a little easier to do .
it 's not bad . but it seems greedy . like , why do i have to pay to unlock individual color themes if i 'm paying a monthly subscription ? also , liferpg was so much better than this . more icons to choose from and they were free . if you 're going to make an app that copies all the ideas from liferpg , at least make it better . why ca n't i make an accomplishment like : learned blank piece of music , without having to tie it to accomplishing a certain number of tasks or reaching a certain level ?
this app is great but the setting of the aims and the tasks takes a long period of time therefore it eats up your productivity
it actually is a good app , but it wont do the one other thing i need it to do , which is notify me of a task i set . one day it does and the others it does n't . i have reset my phone settings several times because of this , looked it up and still no results
i really like the app , but i would enjoy it more if there was the ability to manually order tasks through simple drag and drop like in liferpg . also , if there was a quicker way to edit like in life rpg that would be great . i would be willing to pay as a way of supporting you guys , but right now liferpg is more practical and they 'll get my money until you catch up . love the decreasing skills btw : )
its ok , notifications dont work very often .
needs fixes ... like the repetition is screwed also the generate habit ... looks like the developers do n't use it themselves .
with discipline training apps , the market bet is on already diligent people to buy your app . with such a small margin of customers you can not expect success from limiting customization options to microtransactions . let alone subscriptions . otherwise the app was decent . good work ! credit where credit is due !
suggestion : can tasks take things from the inventory ? maybe some items can only be acquired through achievements and those items are needed to complete a task .
do n't like it very much , but i think it 's just not for me . it 's very complex and deep with tasks and such ( i could even set the percentage of fear for a task ... what ? ? ) so i did n't get very far before i just said `` forget it '' . my life is too busy for such complexity .
you 're good guys . your efforts are admirable please consider making the app available to milions of people and support `` rtl '' .
uhm there 's a little bug that i encountered , i can not disable the skill decay : < pls fix i 'll give 5 stars
loved the app but at some point it stopped letting me look at my tasks without instantly crashing so i 'm not using it anymore . i 'll be sure to try it again and recommend it to friends if the issue is n't present next time . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
i really liked the app and had been using it for a few weeks . but a while ago whenever i would open the app , it would load for a bit but then freeze and crash if i tapped anything . the rest of my phone still works fine ( does n't freeze ) while this happens . is there anything i can do to fix this ? i would love to continue using this app . thank you ! ( and i have tried uninstalling and reinstalling . ) edit : clearing did solve the problem for now . too bad i had to give up all the progress i made . but thank you anyway , at least i can use the app again .
it ok , gets boring after a while
it was really good for helping me to get motivated for a few days , but when i shut my phone off the notifications stop coming until i open the app again , and check off something .
i thought it was a really good app until today . it started to crush and i could n't do anything to backup . i lost all of my options , to-do lists , achievements . do n't know what should i do , really disappointed . auto back-up should be offline too and must be selected when we start to use app or you should use your own database system to backup files ( not dropbox )
a intenção é boa , mas a interface é bastante confusa . || the intention is good , but the interface is too confusing
it is a good application . it is very useful . it is just okay .
great app . needs a few things like task fail without consequences option . mostly a full paid version without subscription or in app purchase . not every one has everything connected to internet all the time .
it 's such a spectacular idea but i had trouble figuring out all of the different aspects and it was just too much for putting in tasks on a day-to-day basis .
this is ok ! but it required bunch of upgrade and some new features ! will keep it ! but wait till is it perfect !
good but not ok
everything about this app is perfect ! except for the widget support . the widget does n't update with the new tasks i make in the app . and i wish i could mark tasks as complete right from the widget . i would also like to be able to make multiple notifications for one task , or set one task to repeat multiple times a day . i also wish the notification for the mission would show up every time . great start
are there any guides out there ?
hey , guys ! this is good idea ! however , i have a feedback for you : several times i accidentally was clicking task more than once , so i was increasing my level . i did n't found related settings . i think you should make task clickable ( checkable , do you get me ? ) ) only once per day , and highlight the finished tasks . this features will prevent accidental checking , therefore increasing level incorrectly . could you explain me how to use such features , if you already have them ? ?
it 's a pity that your tasks become overdue not according to your system time ...
the concept is good . but why the app is not notifying me about thr task even though i have turned the notification on ? this is very bad .
the app is good but a faq would be appreciated . for example , i can not find out how to create a group for my tasks .
this is unforgivably close to perfect . why no timer ? so many tasks are long-term and need to be chipped away at bit by bit . you could have it where once a task was selected , the timer would start , and you would earn a certain amount of experience and coin for every x amount of minutes completed . as it is , i have two pair this app with a different promodo app .
but then it started locking up everytime i tried to load it . ←ved it until then .
i ca n't be the only one multitasking . therefore , i do n't have time to figure out a basic program . i put in a picture and it was so tiny ! i put in my tasks yet some are `` timeless '' , some are daily , and there was powerlifting ! i 'm physically crippled !
my settings kept on changing ever time i reopen the app . for example , fear is set to zero , when i open the app again , fear is set to 80. why ? please fix this . it 's getting tiresome to re-do the settings over and over .
its almost what i was looking for apart from is there a way to set how much xp is required to advance in level and how much xp completing a task will give you ? e.g . i want to make it so i start at level 40 in benchpress and achieving 91kg will put me at level 41. i will reach level 100 in benchpress by the time i can do 150kg , completing 120kg would put me on level 70 etc . otherwise the numbers are just meaningless to me . really i want to set it up so when i reach my goal in each thing i am at level 100 .
but ca n't really test this out since i 'm tied with habitica . oh yeah , i personally do n't like the avatars though ... it 'd be nice if to upload your own avatar . oh , just saw other people suggest the same lol .
app has definitely improved since my last review ! more social features would be really cool . i am subscribed and i would love to see where this app takes off . i have noticed recent stability issues when i 'm on the app for a prolonged period . not sure if it 's related to the amount of tasks i have , as i use this app for basically all my tasks , including birthdays . the app will slow down and nearly crash after awhile . otherwise , this is still my go-to ! 4 stars again !
this is a great app for anybody needing some extra motivation or a way to organize their life . i 've had some trouble editing or deleting reoccurring tasks , but this may be a device issue , i 'm not sure .
i am liking it , the subscription model is a bit steep and harsh , especially for the full buy out at 50+ dollars . a suggestion , i 'd like to see two categories under the `` skills '' , one that says `` increasing '' and one that says `` decreasing '' . i am trying to set up a `` daily grind '' negative skill that decreases `` will power '' and `` motivation '' , while increasing `` submission '' and `` routine '' . i 've noticed the dev team is really good at responding , so i am hopeful for a response . thanks !
the app is good and in general highly customizable , but it has one flaw : it uses days ( 24 hours periods ) as a basic unit of measure , but it does n't let you change the default starting hour ( midnight ) . this is inconvenient for people who have unusual working hours and it makes the app impractical to track daily tasks for users who are more productive at night . i would rate it as a 5 stars app , if i could choose when my day ends and be able to log my dailies properly .
this app is great ! i love the idea of turning my daily life like an rpg game . but i have this goal to wash my face twice everyday and it feels repetitive to make two task for the exact same thing . so can you guys make a task where it has to be done twice before the said task is completed ? been trying my hardest to do this on your app , even finished reading the user guide , but it still would n't work .
the app is allready great . the amount of customisation is surreal and with a bit of tweaking you can really make it work . the sentimental value you create this way really helped me grow . as the app is rpg themed , those elements could be further enhanced imo . i think a customisable character would be fun . more options to spend the currency other then personalised awards is what im getting at . this way you really build something with the effort you 've put in . for the games .. keep up the good work
i like this app , but it really annoys me that it defaults to playing a chime when you first pick up your phone in the morning . when just checking the time , i do n't want to be woken up even more . i wish it were possible to just disable that notification instead of disabling all sounds from the app at once .
works as expected but i would like for time customisation to be more flexible and precise
it is a cool app , but the calendar feature required to be bought . that should be informed to the users before installation . in addition , it would be a good idea if skills can increase over time , and skills can decrease characteristics .
good app . lots of customization . but i have noticed an issue with repeating sub-tasks . if a subtask is set to repeat , it wo n't complete the main task . seems to complete fine if the subtasks are not set repeat .
i really like it . i think it 's a really cool concept to have characters to build up with the habits . only thing i wish were there is to be able to have notifications for term less habits
nice app . bug with achievement exp gained . it only adds on to current hero exp without leveling up eg ( 144exp/25exp ) . why does skill decay even after doing a task that increases it ?
i think it 's a great app , and a lot of fun . i had some trouble figuring things out at first , but everything works . the only complaint i would have is the cost ... it would be nice to have some of the features , but they are too expensive .
hi . i love the app . there 's a bug that i want to share . i created a daily task ( once a day ) but it does n't go away after completing it from `` today 's '' task . what do i do ? thank you
i really like the app . i 'm having an issue though where the widget does n't populate when a new day starts . i have to delete it and readd it or restart my phone .
nice . will be better if app has got inhabit counter .. for example count of pushups or exercise . i need it , but app is very nice . i will be recommend it .
add `` negative habits '' which when done decrease coin , xp etc .
homescreen widget would be nice with more display option such as the progress bar .. etc
i just started but really like it so far . competes directly with habitica but less of the nonsense costumes . it 's hard at first to sort characteristics , skills and tasks ( you are essentially your own game dev ) but on paper i recently sorted out what i want to improve ( skills ) and what is stopping me ( characteristics ) . tasks will follow soon after . i 'm really hopeful about this setup , i love the design , and i never do this but i might actually pay for a subscription ( ! ! ! ) if all goes well .
perfect for people who want to get organized and desire an app more robust than a checklist . it has profound customization ability . the reward system is more complex than competitors . for someone with significant attention issues , this has really helped me to feel invested . subtasks and autofails are great features . would be 5 stars if developers : 1. allowed subtasks to renew as collapsible tasks not just tied in 2. made tutorial/videos . full functionality will be a learning curve for many
just after i looked at the interface i knew it was what i was searching . not so for the xp thing which is a very great idea but also how it handle goals like reading books ... for anyone who think in terms of goals ( and obviously who love rpgs ) it 's totally free though
interesting concept ! still getting used to the functionality , but this app is an effective way to gamify your to-do and task lists . before do it now -rpg , i had a list of chores ; now i have a quest-list , instead . time to go unlock some achievements !
great honestly great way to keep track of daily tasks to stay organized . one thing they should add is overall goals . and tasks leading to those goals .
i really enjoy this app because it stops me from sitting on my butt 24/7 .
this app is so robust , i love it ! however , i would love a quick add button in the notifications .
looking forward to a better ui/ux . will keep using it .
i was looking for an organizer app which would provide statistics on my discipline and progress , and this does it ! but it is missing one , to me basic , feature - the tasks do n't have a start time or duration period , there is only a deadline . it does n't allow understanding easily whether the tasks overlap in time . is this feature available in the premium version at least ? another missing feature is the location setting , at least at a home/work/outdoors level . any plans to incorporate the features ?
its a good app for everyday tasks . it takes time to customize it and its normal because its an rpg type . however i think im not the only one who encountered this annoying bug where if you want to change a task from lets say termless to always repeat every day the task remains termless . you can solve this problem by deleting the task and making another with the setting you want . this bug was very frustrating because i thought i did something wrong but yeah ..
it 's helpful , but it 's also annoying . edit : i did n't make it clear enough , it 's annoying to realize how much i 'm failing lol anyway the app is pretty good i 'm just overly sensitive and self criritcal
it 's pretty nice all things considered , but i have found a few problems with it . mostly the fact that the notifications do not work and by that i mean no matter how many notify alarms i set , none of them go off . i 've downloaded this app on several occasions in the past and i 've had the same problems each time . the second is that the widget will ( quite often ) display that i have no tasks when i in fact have about seven on any given day . i 'm not taking a star off because of the widget though .
good concept . but i do n't use the app anymore . as someone who is now not really a gamer , the point game-like concept seems to does n't work for me anymore and maybe it 's also due to the fact that i only compete with my self . if i were to compete with a friend or whoever that is , maybe i can keep my self accountable . but that 's it to it . if you are a gamer , this app might gon na help you .
it 's a great app , keep up the good work ! it has almost all features i 've ever wished for in gamification . but a few things were missing/quite annoying for me and lead me to abandon this app for now . if it helps you i could write you a comprehensive list of enhancements and features that i think could make this app better . here 's not enough space for that , though . please give a short answer of you 'd like me to send you an email with the list of my thoughts . : )
looks cool and i like the stats . i would like to have a monthly and yearly calendar display on which dates with non-repeating tasks scheduled are bold or otherwise highlighted , or preferably have the tasks listed in small font in the box for that day in monthly view . and when you click on the date have all tasks for that day display . why do none of the life rpg apps i 've tried not have calendars ? it 's bothersome to add something to a calendar and then open up another app and add it in again .
you add execution note but when i check in history it just one word that appeared , and the next is ........ , i confuse how to check the details . hope the next update , there is detail preview when tap a mission that 's done in history . and also search feature in history will be very useful to check some mission among all those missions in history . thank you for great app .
i downloaded this game in the hope 's that the format would help me with my procrastination and can i just say , its exceeded my expectations . it 's so good ! i ended up having to change some of the pre set tasks and rewards to make it more personalized but apart from that , it 's great . highly recommend if you , like me , like to procrastinate and make excuses to avoid tasks .
so far so good . i love creating my own adventure . still learning some of the functions . maybe a tips video could help . i ca n't wait to see what other fun things can be added . more community or friends list . or leader board . then get us to do in app purchases for new items or level streaks . i just like this a bunch . so thank you !
a very good rip-off of liferpg—taking all of the useful features of task management , reward motivation , and rpg-style stat levels , and making the ui simpler and more user-friendly . seems to be monetizing the idea though , putting in ads and lots of in-app purchases and requiring a recurring payment subscription rather than one-time purchase to unlock features
notifications fixed . app keeps getting better . i 'd like to suggest being able to use habit generation as an unlock condition for achievements . edit : nice : d another thing i would suggest is add the date when an achievement was unlocked ( example : unlocked 01/04/2019 ) so we can also order them by this date when looking the unlocked tab . thanks for this app !
this app is really good . i want to suggest to that the app should have a `` rest day '' option or something similar . that you can activate it anytime you want and while activated , the tasks will be put into a halt including penalty and overdue . it is useful if you are on vacation or there 's an occasion you need to attend and makes you unable to finish the daily tasks .
fantastic app but 4 stars . every part has been a comfortable experience for me until i started trying to use it across devices . i took me around 30 minutes to set up all my tasks the first time and when i signed into my account for the app all the tasks i had made got overwritten by the default tasks from the other device . it was partially my fault for the careless order that i signed in on the devices . but perhaps my issue could have been avoided entirely if when it attempted to sync my tasks from the internet the first time it asked me if i wanted to use the database that is from the internet or that is local . would have saved me a lot of headache remaking all the tasks again . that said every other function provided is great and i would recommend .
pretty good , only issue i noticed is that if you undo claiming a reward that has its price increase each claim it can give you extra coins back . aside from that , a lifetime purchase option would be nice ( i try to avoid subscriptions where possible , so i 'm sticking with using this for free for now ) , and an option to hide the parts that require a subscription instead of showing them but asking you to pay when you click them would be nice . ( e.g . so the calendar does n't even show up on the bottom ) .
i 've been using this app for some weeks now . there are still some features that i do n't understand and there 's just so much available for customisation that it 's overwhelming . but , once i spent a few hours customizing all i wanted , this app has been so fun and useful . most to do list apps out there are so cumbersome and anxiety inducing . this one is n't . it has helped me prioritize what 's important to me while letting me role-play . i like it a lot .
i like this app . i only used it for 5 mins and there are no adverts that ruin your experience . i hope that the developers will continue working on it so that the app will be improved . i would consider paying for the premium features too if the app is good enough .
productivity gamefied ! as has been said before , the natural successor to liferpg . looks like they just ripped the source code tbh , but it irons out many of its predecessors bugs . pity they monetised it in every available orifice , fukugly full screen ads , in-app purchases for trivial customisations and an absurdly extortionate subscription , all conspire to overshadow the app itself , as does the uninspired graphic design and the use of unexciting headings that detract from its `` gaming '' usp .
new user and i 'm impressed ! a lot of neat features i 've been looking for in apps like this . it 's obvious dev is active and listening and thats a great sign . if i have an immediate suggestion , it 'd be for us to be able to add tab categories of traits besides the default characteristics/skills ; for example to add things like `` personality '' , `` lifestyle '' or however we want to organize our skillset categories , so those 2 sections are n't cluttered . a search option for icons too maybe ? keep it up !
i bought the full version . its a fun app to challenge yourself . i would like to see an update gives you the choice to choose a pen or pencil icon or a book icon , which seem to be missing , that would be useful . for example , if you want to write a book , it would be nice to have a `` book '' : books : :green_book : :blue_book : :orange_book : :notebook : :notebook_with_decorative_cover : icon , or `` pen '' : fountain_pen : :pen : icon , or `` pencil '' icon ... update : i seem them now ! thanks for responding and letting me know . looks like i needed to scroll farther down to see them . : thumbs_up :
this app looks to carry the torch from the now abandoned liferpg app and from a bit of digging so far i 'm impressed . some things are tucked behind a pay wall such as the calendar and aesthetic additions like themes and icons but it 's a relatively low price and helps support the devs so i 'll probably bite on that once i 've set up everything and used the app a bit . one suggestion i 'd have is to implement geotagged triggers for events - like bringing up a reminder when i 'm near the gym or store .
( + ) pros : it 's fun , lots of customisation , all basic functionality are free , inclined to habit generation than everyday to do list . ( - ) cons : first time setup are quite challenging ; literally create your own system . icons & themes are limited ( minor inconvenience ) . i was using liferpg ( which seems abandoned now ) so it helps with the learning curve . i see devs made lots improvement here . recommended !
great app for setting up to do list and setting skills , very similar to liferpg , differing only in ui and the addition of achievements in my opinion . stuck with the other one of the basis of not wanting to pay a subscription for an app . would prefer one off payment to unlock features .
it 's a good app but can be better i want the developer to fix the following please : 1-when you work with it sometimes it becomes laggy and you need to force stop and restart the app 2-when you type in it in persian the symbols like `` ? , ( , ) , etc '' does n't align correctly 3 - if you add some native calendars like persian calendar to it it will become more useful ( and also an option to set it as main calendar not like google alternative calendars that show gregorian months not persian months ex . )
this is pure magic juat saying best life app out there keep up the great work ! ! ! im ao happy you listen to your customers edit : now my entire household is using this app its amazing magic easy to use only thing i noticed is that when you claim a reward if it has an increasing cost sometimes it will spend the gold after the increase instead of before resulting in extra gold loss my best guess is that the script might be changing the cost value before subtracting the gold from the players gold .
a good app in general . i would love to be able to have `` loose '' tasks , for example : practice spanish twice a week . which should be completed at least twice every week . also , why not allow icons to be any emoji ?
i like this app enough to have paid for a year 's subscription , but there are a couple quality of life improvements that would be nice . i would love to see icons on the widget . i would also like to pick icons as my avatar photo since there 's some good ones .
it 's a bit hard to set everything up , but it 's a fun new concept for the typical agenda that encourages you a bit more to achieve your goals through a rpg style . nice work dev team . thanks for your time and effort .
one thing , the widget sometimes does n't update the today list , and about the to do list , i have to make 2 different widget for today and tommorow , because when all tasks show , can not differentiate what today and tommorow so i was check list my today and tommorow task , and it is kinda confusing how to uncheck again ( ? ) maybe this option to check and uncheck must be there , and the reward will be given after all the task has done for today .. thank you , hope this app improve
fun way to track and reward yourself guilt-free . lots of personal calibration but the interface is nice . my only problem is the lack of icons even in the premium section .
it 's a lot of fun , good personalization . i have to make time to explore the app called more fully , i think a tutorial would be amazing , and pre-developed lists that could be tweaked .
it would be nice if there are pre-set goals or task to choose from - while the app allow for a high level of customization , it 's too much hassle to set it all up properly , not to mention balancing the reward from each task
hello ! your app is amazing ! my gf and me installed this app 2 days ago and started to planning task to each other . but i really need a list functional , like add a shopping list or some book list to add in this app . are you going to add this ? sry for my english , btw : ) update : and i really need a functional to add a checklist in tasks with possibility to mark it 's completed . thank you and your team again for this great app !
i would love to do a one/life time purchase for this app . too bad i hate subscription based so sorry , i 'd rather spend my money for something unproductive than this app .
i liked the app very much , i signed up and so with the hope that my to do list would sync with all devices . but when i reinstalled the up after cleaning my phone , everything disappeared . : crying_face :
seems like a very good idea but how can i edit what i 've done the previous day ? eg . if its tuesday , it seems to be impossible to edit achievements from monday ( which seems like a perfect thing do to on tuesday morning ; ) )
awesome app to keep your life on track . would 5 star , but app crashes every time i try and add a custoum sound . edit : thank you ! will try again after the next update .
definetly a 4 star . good app , good concepts some bugs , not really pulling me in thou . i forgot about it , which was sort of the point of the app to make me not forget it . so 4 stars .
complete ! a tip : the task option directly reduces the characteristics rather than just the ability
it been running kind of slow when you 're making new tasks
turn life into a game ! create your own tasks and assign value to them ! pretty cool eh ?
it٬s one of the best liferpg apps i have ever seen with lot of options but it can have some more beautiful transparent widgets and if you add an option that a task directly influences a characteristics it can be more comfortable
this app is great overall , i just wish there were categories for your inventory items and that the task list widget showed your profile icon also , the profile icon has very bad quality when you choose your own : /
it keeps reminding me even after the task is done and it was adjusted according to how many times i should be notified . but overall nice app .
i like it , and i would definitely pay £20 for it , but i cant justify paying a subscription . if only i could pay once .
liking it a lot so far , but i do n't get it does n't give a warning ring before tasks i put in . that 's kind of the main thing i need it for - to remind me of tasks i had previously put in .
hello . this app is great , but i have a suggestion . with the inventory items , please make it so you can give them attribites such as +10 % xp gain or +10 % gold gain , or just +10 % xp for a specific skill .
this would have been a 5 star to app if it wasnt for one miner problem i did n't like . you ca n't choose pm or am times and it 's just a annoying and confusing .
its really useful i really wish it had a way to add people so you could submit tasks for eachother , or a way to access it on a computer or browser .
the apps are functioning well and recommended trying for rpg theme if you love rpg : thumbs_up : but there is a problem where sometimes when i added the task it does not appear at the task section and sometimes it becomes duplicate ..
fun and easy to use . creative and helpful way to track tasks and habits .
why this app consumes so much traffic in background ? this month it hit the 500mb ( ! ! ! ) in bg . is this app free of malware elements ?
all it needs is the option to set a pic from the gallery as an icon . if that happens in the next update , i 'll give 5 stars !
i ca n't sign in neither with my google account nor with gmail . should i do something to be able to do that ? or it 's just a bug ?
pretty easy to use and reliable . still trying to figure out the ins and outs , but it 's been fairly easy to pick up .
treating activities like a game gives me a sense of accomplishment when i successfully finish my duties and earn xp .
the app has a way of motivating you to complete tasks .
life changing app with a great concept , but still needs some work .
easy to use and good at keeping me motivated throughout the day
great app reasanable pro features please add multibe avatars ( for the kids )
crashes when i customize my hero status
i really like the app , but i do n't know if i 'm using it to its fullest potential . has any on made a tutorial ?
simple and straightforward
very interesting application just to complicated for me
it 's helping me the way i think
keeps me on track !
no bad habits to simply punish me , just could make good habits ?
needs more ranks .
tells me tomorrows activities are overdue today
fun and productive
неплохое приложение для поднятия своей дисциплины в игровой форме . перейдем к минусам : - дорого за полную версию серьёзно , 3400 рублей за полную версию навсегда - это очень дорого ! мне кажется , что автор случайно дописал лишний ноль , 340 - ладно , 3400 - дрого . - не всё доступно без полной версии ... это немного относится к первому минусу . теперь плюсы : + повышение дисциплины в игровой форме : например , если быть чесным и выставлять адекватные награды , то всё очень классно !
тарас это крутая идея и хорошая реализация . доставляет кайф возможность разбивать дэйлики на подпункты ( будет чётко если добавишь возможность автозавершения после выполнения всех пунктов ) . система ачивок вполне юзабельно но нужно устанавливать ачивки на `` habit generate '' - по типу 30 дней без перерыва и при желании по возрастающей 3 месяца и т. д nexus 5x lineages os 15.1 не работают reminders . не готов брать подписку , но если добавишь отдельный платный контент ( иконки или журнал квестов ) - куплю
awesome
good
app has definitely improved since my last review ! more social features would be really cool . i am subscribed and i would love to see where this app takes off . i have noticed recent stability issues when i 'm on the app for a prolonged period . not sure if it 's related to the amount of tasks i have , as i use this app for basically all my tasks , including birthdays . the app will slow down and nearly crash after awhile . otherwise , this is still my go-to ! 4 stars again !
this is a great app for anybody needing some extra motivation or a way to organize their life . i 've had some trouble editing or deleting reoccurring tasks , but this may be a device issue , i 'm not sure .
works as expected but i would like for time customisation to be more flexible and precise
it been running kind of slow when you 're making new tasks
add `` negative habits '' which when done decrease coin , xp etc .
nice app . bug with achievement exp gained . it only adds on to current hero exp without leveling up eg ( 144exp/25exp ) . why does skill decay even after doing a task that increases it ?
тарас это крутая идея и хорошая реализация . доставляет кайф возможность разбивать дэйлики на подпункты ( будет чётко если добавишь возможность автозавершения после выполнения всех пунктов ) . система ачивок вполне юзабельно но нужно устанавливать ачивки на `` habit generate '' - по типу 30 дней без перерыва и при желании по возрастающей 3 месяца и т. д nexus 5x lineages os 15.1 не работают reminders . не готов брать подписку , но если добавишь отдельный платный контент ( иконки или журнал квестов ) - куплю
it 's helping me the way i think
неплохое приложение для поднятия своей дисциплины в игровой форме . перейдем к минусам : - дорого за полную версию серьёзно , 3400 рублей за полную версию навсегда - это очень дорого ! мне кажется , что автор случайно дописал лишний ноль , 340 - ладно , 3400 - дрого . - не всё доступно без полной версии ... это немного относится к первому минусу . теперь плюсы : + повышение дисциплины в игровой форме : например , если быть чесным и выставлять адекватные награды , то всё очень классно !
i am liking it , the subscription model is a bit steep and harsh , especially for the full buy out at 50+ dollars . a suggestion , i 'd like to see two categories under the `` skills '' , one that says `` increasing '' and one that says `` decreasing '' . i am trying to set up a `` daily grind '' negative skill that decreases `` will power '' and `` motivation '' , while increasing `` submission '' and `` routine '' . i 've noticed the dev team is really good at responding , so i am hopeful for a response . thanks !
i really enjoy this app because it stops me from sitting on my butt 24/7 .
it 's helpful , but it 's also annoying . edit : i did n't make it clear enough , it 's annoying to realize how much i 'm failing lol anyway the app is pretty good i 'm just overly sensitive and self criritcal
homescreen widget would be nice with more display option such as the progress bar .. etc
good app . lots of customization . but i have noticed an issue with repeating sub-tasks . if a subtask is set to repeat , it wo n't complete the main task . seems to complete fine if the subtasks are not set repeat .
i like this app , but it really annoys me that it defaults to playing a chime when you first pick up your phone in the morning . when just checking the time , i do n't want to be woken up even more . i wish it were possible to just disable that notification instead of disabling all sounds from the app at once .
hi . i love the app . there 's a bug that i want to share . i created a daily task ( once a day ) but it does n't go away after completing it from `` today 's '' task . what do i do ? thank you
awesome
i really like the app . i 'm having an issue though where the widget does n't populate when a new day starts . i have to delete it and readd it or restart my phone .
i think it 's a great app , and a lot of fun . i had some trouble figuring things out at first , but everything works . the only complaint i would have is the cost ... it would be nice to have some of the features , but they are too expensive .
the app is allready great . the amount of customisation is surreal and with a bit of tweaking you can really make it work . the sentimental value you create this way really helped me grow . as the app is rpg themed , those elements could be further enhanced imo . i think a customisable character would be fun . more options to spend the currency other then personalised awards is what im getting at . this way you really build something with the effort you 've put in . for the games .. keep up the good work
this app is great ! i love the idea of turning my daily life like an rpg game . but i have this goal to wash my face twice everyday and it feels repetitive to make two task for the exact same thing . so can you guys make a task where it has to be done twice before the said task is completed ? been trying my hardest to do this on your app , even finished reading the user guide , but it still would n't work .
i really like it . i think it 's a really cool concept to have characters to build up with the habits . only thing i wish were there is to be able to have notifications for term less habits
the app is good and in general highly customizable , but it has one flaw : it uses days ( 24 hours periods ) as a basic unit of measure , but it does n't let you change the default starting hour ( midnight ) . this is inconvenient for people who have unusual working hours and it makes the app impractical to track daily tasks for users who are more productive at night . i would rate it as a 5 stars app , if i could choose when my day ends and be able to log my dailies properly .
turn life into a game ! create your own tasks and assign value to them ! pretty cool eh ?
nice . will be better if app has got inhabit counter .. for example count of pushups or exercise . i need it , but app is very nice . i will be recommend it .
it is a cool app , but the calendar feature required to be bought . that should be informed to the users before installation . in addition , it would be a good idea if skills can increase over time , and skills can decrease characteristics .
great honestly great way to keep track of daily tasks to stay organized . one thing they should add is overall goals . and tasks leading to those goals .
interesting concept ! still getting used to the functionality , but this app is an effective way to gamify your to-do and task lists . before do it now -rpg , i had a list of chores ; now i have a quest-list , instead . time to go unlock some achievements !
this app is so robust , i love it ! however , i would love a quick add button in the notifications .
i just started but really like it so far . competes directly with habitica but less of the nonsense costumes . it 's hard at first to sort characteristics , skills and tasks ( you are essentially your own game dev ) but on paper i recently sorted out what i want to improve ( skills ) and what is stopping me ( characteristics ) . tasks will follow soon after . i 'm really hopeful about this setup , i love the design , and i never do this but i might actually pay for a subscription ( ! ! ! ) if all goes well .
perfect for people who want to get organized and desire an app more robust than a checklist . it has profound customization ability . the reward system is more complex than competitors . for someone with significant attention issues , this has really helped me to feel invested . subtasks and autofails are great features . would be 5 stars if developers : 1. allowed subtasks to renew as collapsible tasks not just tied in 2. made tutorial/videos . full functionality will be a learning curve for many
looking forward to a better ui/ux . will keep using it .
just after i looked at the interface i knew it was what i was searching . not so for the xp thing which is a very great idea but also how it handle goals like reading books ... for anyone who think in terms of goals ( and obviously who love rpgs ) it 's totally free though
its a good app for everyday tasks . it takes time to customize it and its normal because its an rpg type . however i think im not the only one who encountered this annoying bug where if you want to change a task from lets say termless to always repeat every day the task remains termless . you can solve this problem by deleting the task and making another with the setting you want . this bug was very frustrating because i thought i did something wrong but yeah ..
complete ! a tip : the task option directly reduces the characteristics rather than just the ability
i would love to do a one/life time purchase for this app . too bad i hate subscription based so sorry , i 'd rather spend my money for something unproductive than this app .
i was looking for an organizer app which would provide statistics on my discipline and progress , and this does it ! but it is missing one , to me basic , feature - the tasks do n't have a start time or duration period , there is only a deadline . it does n't allow understanding easily whether the tasks overlap in time . is this feature available in the premium version at least ? another missing feature is the location setting , at least at a home/work/outdoors level . any plans to incorporate the features ?
the app has a way of motivating you to complete tasks .
it keeps reminding me even after the task is done and it was adjusted according to how many times i should be notified . but overall nice app .
treating activities like a game gives me a sense of accomplishment when i successfully finish my duties and earn xp .
awesome app to keep your life on track . would 5 star , but app crashes every time i try and add a custoum sound . edit : thank you ! will try again after the next update .
i 've been using this app for some weeks now . there are still some features that i do n't understand and there 's just so much available for customisation that it 's overwhelming . but , once i spent a few hours customizing all i wanted , this app has been so fun and useful . most to do list apps out there are so cumbersome and anxiety inducing . this one is n't . it has helped me prioritize what 's important to me while letting me role-play . i like it a lot .
it 's a good app but can be better i want the developer to fix the following please : 1-when you work with it sometimes it becomes laggy and you need to force stop and restart the app 2-when you type in it in persian the symbols like `` ? , ( , ) , etc '' does n't align correctly 3 - if you add some native calendars like persian calendar to it it will become more useful ( and also an option to set it as main calendar not like google alternative calendars that show gregorian months not persian months ex . )
pretty easy to use and reliable . still trying to figure out the ins and outs , but it 's been fairly easy to pick up .
good
the apps are functioning well and recommended trying for rpg theme if you love rpg : thumbs_up : but there is a problem where sometimes when i added the task it does not appear at the task section and sometimes it becomes duplicate ..
very interesting application just to complicated for me
( + ) pros : it 's fun , lots of customisation , all basic functionality are free , inclined to habit generation than everyday to do list . ( - ) cons : first time setup are quite challenging ; literally create your own system . icons & themes are limited ( minor inconvenience ) . i was using liferpg ( which seems abandoned now ) so it helps with the learning curve . i see devs made lots improvement here . recommended !
hello . this app is great , but i have a suggestion . with the inventory items , please make it so you can give them attribites such as +10 % xp gain or +10 % gold gain , or just +10 % xp for a specific skill .
nice
this app looks to carry the torch from the now abandoned liferpg app and from a bit of digging so far i 'm impressed . some things are tucked behind a pay wall such as the calendar and aesthetic additions like themes and icons but it 's a relatively low price and helps support the devs so i 'll probably bite on that once i 've set up everything and used the app a bit . one suggestion i 'd have is to implement geotagged triggers for events - like bringing up a reminder when i 'm near the gym or store .
jibj
it would be nice if there are pre-set goals or task to choose from - while the app allow for a high level of customization , it 's too much hassle to set it all up properly , not to mention balancing the reward from each task
it٬s one of the best liferpg apps i have ever seen with lot of options but it can have some more beautiful transparent widgets and if you add an option that a task directly influences a characteristics it can be more comfortable
definetly a 4 star . good app , good concepts some bugs , not really pulling me in thou . i forgot about it , which was sort of the point of the app to make me not forget it . so 4 stars .
fun and productive
pretty good , only issue i noticed is that if you undo claiming a reward that has its price increase each claim it can give you extra coins back . aside from that , a lifetime purchase option would be nice ( i try to avoid subscriptions where possible , so i 'm sticking with using this for free for now ) , and an option to hide the parts that require a subscription instead of showing them but asking you to pay when you click them would be nice . ( e.g . so the calendar does n't even show up on the bottom ) .
i bought the full version . its a fun app to challenge yourself . i would like to see an update gives you the choice to choose a pen or pencil icon or a book icon , which seem to be missing , that would be useful . for example , if you want to write a book , it would be nice to have a `` book '' : books : :green_book : :blue_book : :orange_book : :notebook : :notebook_with_decorative_cover : icon , or `` pen '' : fountain_pen : :pen : icon , or `` pencil '' icon ... update : i seem them now ! thanks for responding and letting me know . looks like i needed to scroll farther down to see them . : thumbs_up :
easy to use and good at keeping me motivated throughout the day
crashes when i customize my hero status
i downloaded this game in the hope 's that the format would help me with my procrastination and can i just say , its exceeded my expectations . it 's so good ! i ended up having to change some of the pre set tasks and rewards to make it more personalized but apart from that , it 's great . highly recommend if you , like me , like to procrastinate and make excuses to avoid tasks .
i like this app enough to have paid for a year 's subscription , but there are a couple quality of life improvements that would be nice . i would love to see icons on the widget . i would also like to pick icons as my avatar photo since there 's some good ones .
its really useful i really wish it had a way to add people so you could submit tasks for eachother , or a way to access it on a computer or browser .
it 's a lot of fun , good personalization . i have to make time to explore the app called more fully , i think a tutorial would be amazing , and pre-developed lists that could be tweaked .
fantastic app but 4 stars . every part has been a comfortable experience for me until i started trying to use it across devices . i took me around 30 minutes to set up all my tasks the first time and when i signed into my account for the app all the tasks i had made got overwritten by the default tasks from the other device . it was partially my fault for the careless order that i signed in on the devices . but perhaps my issue could have been avoided entirely if when it attempted to sync my tasks from the internet the first time it asked me if i wanted to use the database that is from the internet or that is local . would have saved me a lot of headache remaking all the tasks again . that said every other function provided is great and i would recommend .
new user and i 'm impressed ! a lot of neat features i 've been looking for in apps like this . it 's obvious dev is active and listening and thats a great sign . if i have an immediate suggestion , it 'd be for us to be able to add tab categories of traits besides the default characteristics/skills ; for example to add things like `` personality '' , `` lifestyle '' or however we want to organize our skillset categories , so those 2 sections are n't cluttered . a search option for icons too maybe ? keep it up !
life changing app with a great concept , but still needs some work .
liking it a lot so far , but i do n't get it does n't give a warning ring before tasks i put in . that 's kind of the main thing i need it for - to remind me of tasks i had previously put in .
fun and easy to use . creative and helpful way to track tasks and habits .
one thing , the widget sometimes does n't update the today list , and about the to do list , i have to make 2 different widget for today and tommorow , because when all tasks show , can not differentiate what today and tommorow so i was check list my today and tommorow task , and it is kinda confusing how to uncheck again ( ? ) maybe this option to check and uncheck must be there , and the reward will be given after all the task has done for today .. thank you , hope this app improve
i ca n't sign in neither with my google account nor with gmail . should i do something to be able to do that ? or it 's just a bug ?
i really like the app , but i do n't know if i 'm using it to its fullest potential . has any on made a tutorial ?
simple and straightforward
this app is really good . i want to suggest to that the app should have a `` rest day '' option or something similar . that you can activate it anytime you want and while activated , the tasks will be put into a halt including penalty and overdue . it is useful if you are on vacation or there 's an occasion you need to attend and makes you unable to finish the daily tasks .
this is pure magic juat saying best life app out there keep up the great work ! ! ! im ao happy you listen to your customers edit : now my entire household is using this app its amazing magic easy to use only thing i noticed is that when you claim a reward if it has an increasing cost sometimes it will spend the gold after the increase instead of before resulting in extra gold loss my best guess is that the script might be changing the cost value before subtracting the gold from the players gold .
hello ! your app is amazing ! my gf and me installed this app 2 days ago and started to planning task to each other . but i really need a list functional , like add a shopping list or some book list to add in this app . are you going to add this ? sry for my english , btw : ) update : and i really need a functional to add a checklist in tasks with possibility to mark it 's completed . thank you and your team again for this great app !
it 's a bit hard to set everything up , but it 's a fun new concept for the typical agenda that encourages you a bit more to achieve your goals through a rpg style . nice work dev team . thanks for your time and effort .
eu daria 5 se estivesse totalmente traduzido para português
this app is great overall , i just wish there were categories for your inventory items and that the task list widget showed your profile icon also , the profile icon has very bad quality when you choose your own : /
keeps me on track !
tells me tomorrows activities are overdue today
i like it , and i would definitely pay £20 for it , but i cant justify paying a subscription . if only i could pay once .
all it needs is the option to set a pic from the gallery as an icon . if that happens in the next update , i 'll give 5 stars !
notifications fixed . app keeps getting better . i 'd like to suggest being able to use habit generation as an unlock condition for achievements . edit : nice : d another thing i would suggest is add the date when an achievement was unlocked ( example : unlocked 01/04/2019 ) so we can also order them by this date when looking the unlocked tab . thanks for this app !
great app for setting up to do list and setting skills , very similar to liferpg , differing only in ui and the addition of achievements in my opinion . stuck with the other one of the basis of not wanting to pay a subscription for an app . would prefer one off payment to unlock features .
needs more ranks .
productivity gamefied ! as has been said before , the natural successor to liferpg . looks like they just ripped the source code tbh , but it irons out many of its predecessors bugs . pity they monetised it in every available orifice , fukugly full screen ads , in-app purchases for trivial customisations and an absurdly extortionate subscription , all conspire to overshadow the app itself , as does the uninspired graphic design and the use of unexciting headings that detract from its `` gaming '' usp .
a good app in general . i would love to be able to have `` loose '' tasks , for example : practice spanish twice a week . which should be completed at least twice every week . also , why not allow icons to be any emoji ?
it 's pretty nice all things considered , but i have found a few problems with it . mostly the fact that the notifications do not work and by that i mean no matter how many notify alarms i set , none of them go off . i 've downloaded this app on several occasions in the past and i 've had the same problems each time . the second is that the widget will ( quite often ) display that i have no tasks when i in fact have about seven on any given day . i 'm not taking a star off because of the widget though .
it 's a great app , keep up the good work ! it has almost all features i 've ever wished for in gamification . but a few things were missing/quite annoying for me and lead me to abandon this app for now . if it helps you i could write you a comprehensive list of enhancements and features that i think could make this app better . here 's not enough space for that , though . please give a short answer of you 'd like me to send you an email with the list of my thoughts . : )
i liked the app very much , i signed up and so with the hope that my to do list would sync with all devices . but when i reinstalled the up after cleaning my phone , everything disappeared . : crying_face :
no bad habits to simply punish me , just could make good habits ?
looks cool and i like the stats . i would like to have a monthly and yearly calendar display on which dates with non-repeating tasks scheduled are bold or otherwise highlighted , or preferably have the tasks listed in small font in the box for that day in monthly view . and when you click on the date have all tasks for that day display . why do none of the life rpg apps i 've tried not have calendars ? it 's bothersome to add something to a calendar and then open up another app and add it in again .
so far so good . i love creating my own adventure . still learning some of the functions . maybe a tips video could help . i ca n't wait to see what other fun things can be added . more community or friends list . or leader board . then get us to do in app purchases for new items or level streaks . i just like this a bunch . so thank you !
great app reasanable pro features please add multibe avatars ( for the kids )
seems like a very good idea but how can i edit what i 've done the previous day ? eg . if its tuesday , it seems to be impossible to edit achievements from monday ( which seems like a perfect thing do to on tuesday morning ; ) )
a very good rip-off of liferpg—taking all of the useful features of task management , reward motivation , and rpg-style stat levels , and making the ui simpler and more user-friendly . seems to be monetizing the idea though , putting in ads and lots of in-app purchases and requiring a recurring payment subscription rather than one-time purchase to unlock features
good concept . but i do n't use the app anymore . as someone who is now not really a gamer , the point game-like concept seems to does n't work for me anymore and maybe it 's also due to the fact that i only compete with my self . if i were to compete with a friend or whoever that is , maybe i can keep my self accountable . but that 's it to it . if you are a gamer , this app might gon na help you .
this would have been a 5 star to app if it wasnt for one miner problem i did n't like . you ca n't choose pm or am times and it 's just a annoying and confusing .
i like this app . i only used it for 5 mins and there are no adverts that ruin your experience . i hope that the developers will continue working on it so that the app will be improved . i would consider paying for the premium features too if the app is good enough .
i 've tried several rpg to-do lists , but this one is the best out of them all . it contains all of the features you need to motivate yourself to get off your butt and do something in your life , especially during this period of quarantine . read the user guide in settings after installing to understand how it works , and get to it ! a big thanks to developer for their quick responses .
great app if you keep it to a short list of achievable habits , fun to use , good statistics for tracking progress , you can input things retroactively if you forget at the time , has dark theme , customization options when it comes to tasks , skills , and characteristics . lightweight , easy to use . overall i do n't think i have any complaints , it delivers what if says it does well , no more , no less . tldr : love it .
i am a vanilla habitician , but that game failed to serve it 's purpose several times and i eventually quit . i linked it to several systemic errors . i was even thinking about creating my own habit rpg free of those but then i found do it now . not only it answers all of my concerns it even adds more features , like drawbacks for completing certain tasks ( anti-procrastinator ) or putting player in position where he has to maintain his characteristics . amazing , thank you devs . please port it to web .
i love this app . i 've always had a hard time with planners because i just could n't see the point , but that allows me to plan and have fun . i feel like i 'm constantly playing a video game , but the main character is me ! it has definitely improved my life ! thanks a ton , developers !
this is by far the most useful and customisable gamify your life app . it also focuses on skills and character building , which is my favorite part and mostly missing with comparable apps . takes a bit to get into it , but it 's definitely worth it : d
this app is amazing ! you can customise your tasks and give yourself rewards in a shop . it really boosted my productivity and helped me get through the tasks that were a bit harder . highly recommend this app , especially at this time !
easily the best task manager app out there , while the rpg aspect is a huge plus . the user is able to fully customize pretty much every little bit of the app to make it better suit their habits , or soon-to-be habits !
very awesome so far ! i really love how customizable this is . it does so much it takes a while to learn how to utilize all the features , but i am super happy : thumbs_up : . hope it continues to be great with continued use .
good concept . would go for premium if price adjusted to be a bit more reasonable ( to give context , other productivity apps created with a similar aim are around the $ 2-10 mark . )
fun , free , and heavily customizable . if you are a gamer , even in the casual sense , this is the app for you . * edit * ( 2.1.2020 ) : one problem to note is that there does n't seem to be an easy way to renew overdue tasks . by which i mean in other apps i can usually refresh them all with one click so that the tasks are due today . would love an option for that , since otherwise i have to go into each task and set it to be due today . tt^tt
very pleasant to work with , although it would be nice to have sub-skills that are part of a more general skill , for example a specific language that is part of languages in general , and the option to rank up high level skils , for example begginer ( insert topic here ) at level 100 evolves to adept ( insert topic here ) and goes down to level 1 .
first of all , i am thrilled with the app . if i know how it works . is there a list of ready-made tasks ? on the start screen there are some suggested ones . when i press the plus button , i actually expect a list with all possible tasks . but instead of that i only have the possibility to create a new task . at first i thought that i had to subscribe . i have subscribed now but unfortunately it is still not possible . now i have deleted all tasks from the start screen . if i click on the plus , there is still no list . it comes again : new task
this is an awesome app ! i initially thought the idea of `` gamifying '' my life was a little silly , but fun . after trying for two weeks it is far more motivating than i ever thought ! : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : thank you , this is finally getting me into habits i have been trying to develop . i one thing i have difficulty with is the subtasks ; once i complete the subtasks they do n't carry over to the next day 's parent task . however , the rest of the features of this app are so great you still get 5-stars !
this app is excellent ! my therapist suggested i started planning my days in advance to get a better handle on my sporadic attention management skills . ( i have adhd : nerd_face : ) i have been using it since friday and am very pleased . i am a huge fan of rpgs and this has helped me keep focused and on task . it 's like i 'm leveling up to go adulting ! : crossed_swords : if i am still using it by the end of the month effectively , i 'm buying the developers some coffee and getting the subscription ! great job dudes !
i loved the idea and downloaded to try it . this app is helping me a lot , thank you . btw , i suggest you to do an ios version , i have friends who want to use it too . edit : i 'm sure it 'll be a huge success there too !
this app is actually really handy . it really keeps me motivated . i would highly reccomend this app to anyone that has trouble staying organized .
i 've tried several of these kind of things and this seems the most versatile . it takes a while to get the hang of it and i 'm still discovering aspects of the app that i did n't know where there . most times i think something about the app is not good i am realising that i just did n't uncover the setting that fixes the issue yet !
one week of use & i purchased a subscription . i 've used other similar apps , i enjoy this the most . there a few improvements needed , so i need to add suggestions to the reddit page . i spent time & wrote out what i value in life , what my aspirations are , & then i narrowed down a few simple goals to reach those aspirations . then i added my goals to this app . so far it 's easy to keep track of my goals , habits , & how i 'm doing . it 's incredibly easy & even fun to use . thank you for this app .
so useful ! ! i struggle with adhd on a daily basis , i can never remember to do simple tasks and things like notebooks , whiteboards , stickynotes , alarms , they just do n't work . but this app helps change the game dude ! ! it 's a clever way to incentivize completing tasks , and it 's helping me build better habits with the reminders and penalties for not completing it if you miss it . super useful ! ! i feel more productive and motivated to get my tasks done , i 'm grateful this app exists
fun way to track your chores and get small challenges to get better . nice idea , good app thumbs up !
very cool app . using it for real life stuff as if it 's a video game is so fun . could have some bug tweaks and possibly an overhaul for the interface , but it 's still close to perfect and runs great .
i sent email to the developer ( there 's only one ! ) and they solved everything within minutes . great app , helps with tasks and even small silly works . it is improving quickly and is getting better every time
on the one hand ... it takes a while to customize and set up , but that 's because there are a lot of options for customization available , which i love . this is helpful motivating me to accomplish my tasks .
this app is a great help for me ! this helps me enjoy productivity in whole new level . i have been struggling for years to get my life back together , but with this app i feel like i can finally get some work done in a fun and enjoyable way . thank you very much !
marvellous ! makes a game out of everyday life . helps you organise your tasks while feeding stats about the progress you consider important ! and the gold-xp reward & punishment system gives some type of extra motive . brilliant i say
i just wish it wasnt a subsciption and i could just buy it once otherwise its professional app and i love how it lets you customize rewards . always wondered what my life as an rpg game would be like and do it now lets that happen .
this one person has give me the most used app i have . super customizable to fit most needs . it has helped me stay focused on my goal more than any other . i recommend this app to everyone i know .
so far this app does everything i need it to do ! it helps me to keep track of all of the tasks i want to accomplish and helps me make positive steps towards changing bad habits .
a more in depth kind of to-do list . plus you get to monitor where the kind of activities you do would lead you in the long run . good job .
imporant functions can be used only if you subscribe . it would be best if they rather sell this app than make people pay for subscption . it 's worth their money anyway .
very versatile and customizable ! still new to it , but it looks very promising , if not polished yet .
it 's very good . it helps me more about my difficulties in habits tracking . i found it best of all
so far , this app has had a profound impact on me getting things done . it does rely a bit on the honor system , but if you 're down for it , it can be very good .
so addicting especially for gamers who love to level up ! ! !
brilliant and incredible app . it turns my daily life into enjoyable one with simple rpg concept . love it ! ! !
very nice app , it helped me feel more motivated . i can now see life more as a game and as something that 's supposed to be fun .
excellent and detailed beyond average love it ! ! !
i love gamification at work . creating a simple , customizable system for home life is great !
just getting started with this app but so far i love it ! great way to track good habits and bad !
i like this app , i downloaded a few to have a look and pick one , and i went with this one , i like the lay out and i just find it easy to follow l .
great app to track your daily tasks . it is very customizable !
this app has been more entertaining than i even expected . i have been looking for a productivity app that i will stick with , and this is the one !
i love the concept , i 've always saw the parallel between reallife and an rrg in terms of skill growth and education .
absolutely love this app , paid and unpaid versions worth the time !
very flexible for now .. . waiting for the long term results
i do n't have this app for long , but it is really easy to use so i like it , it also allows you to skip a day if you ca n't do it that day ( just change the day )
an amazing app with a creative concept . one of the best task managing apps out there
really nice app sir could you please provide goal tracking functionality too , that 'd be very useful too : )
you can list what you need to do , and set up weekly , monthly and daily tasks .
very nice app and i think it will help you with your routine .
i can see this app sereously help , me and family members build good habits . i 'm excited to give this a shot .
great good tracking with work and lifestyle
great app ! kept me organised and disciplined . thank you : thumbs_up :
very flexible and the customization is huge .
best app ever , addictive to complete task and see progression ! ! !
was inspired by the novel solo leveling and it works !
adds not to frequent . good time tracker
personally i absolutely love this app and it is exactly mathematically what i have been looking for . the only true inconvenience is that once the day is over you can not go back and add tasks to a day . developers could you pretty pretty pretty please with sugar on top make it possible for us to go back and add tasks that we have completed on previous days ! ? ! maybe in the calendar area or something ! thank you kindly ! : folded_hands : :heart_exclamation : revision : 5 star ! thank you for responding and teaching me hot to edit task !
very good no ads are seen using from 3 days
awesome experience , motivational ... helped in studies and health fitness , also in stress management .
this is actually fun , i get excited everytime i complete a task .
very nice app . it helps me be more productive : smiling_face :
i love this app . i use it for motivation with my writing . i custimized the skills , characteristics , achievements , and my hero levels to reflect my writerly ways and it 's been so fun to use ! watching my skills and levels increase is a blast . i also appreciate the '' rewards '' options , but wish i could create '' in-app '' rewards for myself . like potions or consumables that could increase a skill or boost xp earning for one day , etc . even without that , though , this app is amazing ! i highly recommend it .
this honestly makes tracking my daily life and staying responsible so much more fun . having rewards is a great way to remind people that it 's important to reward yourself for your hard work ! i 'm a really competitive person so this is really handy for actually getting myself to do things . even if the reward is small , it 's still gratifying to level up for not skipping uni or using the treadmill ! super rad and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a more fun life tracking app : b
easy to use and customize
absolutely awesome . i 've only had it for a few days but it 's behaved like a dream . much more detailed/customizable than any other 'gamify ' app i have used .
so far i love it . you can turn your life into a game and reward yourself for everyday tasks . no life coach can do a better job . you earn gold and xp for daily chores . awesome , and so far no issues .
this is app is absolutely awesome ! i had to spend a little time customizing all the various skills and characteristics but once it 's set up it 's absolutely fantastic !
amazing , love this app . not only good but also fun , maybe at the first is difficult to set a lot of thing but after that is amazing .
started 2 days ago , learned to add new tasks , it 's a good little way to push your will .
although limited , still useful
the xp system and character sheet are a good way to motivate you to finish tasks , although yes , you can cheat and give infinite xp but you 're only cheating yourself .
this app turned everything into a game . it really helped me to focus on tasks and be more organized & productive .
i love this app ! i use it to gamify truly boring things ; like uploading my business receipts and putting dishes in the actual dishwasher vs. the entire house .
so much fun to use and makes me feel better about doing everything i need to
great . smart looking app ... it has help me improve my hardwork . sometimes in a day , you wish someone could remind you of what to do but guess , you might have no one ... it has been helpful to me . thanks a lot guy ...
i love it . but needs more ready tasks and a rank to make more competitive and share tasks .
best app ... truely , no apps in playsore like this .. the app will progress in future ... add more things on this app and update as soon as possible .. tnx ...
amazing app , it 's helping me so much developing my discipline and have my to do list always on point , thanks ever so much guys !
i like it . but i want little more in this aap , like with point make hero upgrade , more facility ....
great app i would like to have the option for purchasing a permanent full version . i would n't mind paying 20 usd
creative tool for getting stuff done
i 'm in skyrim ! nah , but all jokes aside this app also has the benefit of suggesting healthy habits , which would be good for a lot of people .
awesome app very good at keeping me accountable .
it has added a bit of fun into my daily tasks , which was something i did n't even know i needed until now .
highly motivating and helps to organize and track progress .
thoroughly enjoy it and not too intrusive that it becomes a chore in itself
i 'm liking it so far ! : ) it 's actually motivating me a bit ! will update review with time .
play rpg in real life , that is a great concept , i love it .
just started using this app as i am starting to forget things so this app helps remind me and it helps me to just get up and move great for motivation
very rewarding . enjoyable past time .
super fun way to build positive life habits .
this app has done wonders in helping get things done ! and it make it fun !
this app is awesome . makes tasks fun
great app ! it 's exactly what i 've been looking for !
i like the fact that i have an account . so if i switch phones i can keep everything i worked for .
very nice app specially you can add sub tasks .
wonderful app , must have took a lot of effort to make it
a great idea and an entertaining design .
the recent updates were very amazing . keep it coming devs . this is close to perfection . however , i hope we can gain items attached to a particular task . once the task is completed , the items will be given directly to your inventory . this can help us to create weekly task events or bosses . it will be very rewarding . thank you ! update : one last thing , in terms of habit generation , can we have counting streak instead of count down ... the higher the streak , the higher the rewards : upside-down_face :
really good . i usually forget my duties and this app really notificate me and make me do them with some xp hahahaha
i love dnd so i love this app , too .
nice
good concept . would go for premium if price adjusted to be a bit more reasonable ( to give context , other productivity apps created with a similar aim are around the $ 2-10 mark . )
the best app for habit-tracking i ever tried . though possibility of sorting by colour , hiding tasks for predefined time and direct influence of task completion on characteristics without skills mediation would make it perfect indeed . free trial would be fine too . and please , unite 2+ done tasks of same type into one row .
very motivational .
i love gamification at work . creating a simple , customizable system for home life is great !
adds not to frequent . good time tracker
very awesome so far ! i really love how customizable this is . it does so much it takes a while to learn how to utilize all the features , but i am super happy : thumbs_up : . hope it continues to be great with continued use .
this app is amazing ! you can customise your tasks and give yourself rewards in a shop . it really boosted my productivity and helped me get through the tasks that were a bit harder . highly recommend this app , especially at this time !
very effective
this app haas hekped me changed my life . i definitely recommend
great !
tis ' good .
keep improving ! !
great
very nice app . it helps me be more productive : smiling_face :
i 've tried several rpg to-do lists , but this one is the best out of them all . it contains all of the features you need to motivate yourself to get off your butt and do something in your life , especially during this period of quarantine . read the user guide in settings after installing to understand how it works , and get to it ! a big thanks to developer for their quick responses .
this app is actually really handy . it really keeps me motivated . i would highly reccomend this app to anyone that has trouble staying organized .
i love this app . i 've always had a hard time with planners because i just could n't see the point , but that allows me to plan and have fun . i feel like i 'm constantly playing a video game , but the main character is me ! it has definitely improved my life ! thanks a ton , developers !
good make me full organized life
great app if you keep it to a short list of achievable habits , fun to use , good statistics for tracking progress , you can input things retroactively if you forget at the time , has dark theme , customization options when it comes to tasks , skills , and characteristics . lightweight , easy to use . overall i do n't think i have any complaints , it delivers what if says it does well , no more , no less . tldr : love it .
this is by far the most useful and customisable gamify your life app . it also focuses on skills and character building , which is my favorite part and mostly missing with comparable apps . takes a bit to get into it , but it 's definitely worth it : d
works great !
increase very good
excellent and detailed beyond average love it ! ! !
здравствуйте , ваше приложение мне очень помагает в работе и рутине . очень обширная программа с множеством функций . у меня предложение ! как вам идея добавлять собственные иконки к задачам , как например к аватарке героя . мне кажется , что среди всех иконок может и не быть нужной . иконки же дадут возможность максимального представления о задаче . к примеру я занимаюсь пайкой и покупаю различные модели паяльников , радиодеталей . хотелось бы добавить изображение конкретного елемента . будет круто !
fun way to track your chores and get small challenges to get better . nice idea , good app thumbs up !
easily the best task manager app out there , while the rpg aspect is a huge plus . the user is able to fully customize pretty much every little bit of the app to make it better suit their habits , or soon-to-be habits !
great good tracking with work and lifestyle
lots of fun !
working good so far
so addicting especially for gamers who love to level up ! ! !
very flexible for now .. . waiting for the long term results
excellent for keeping on your toes
i loved the idea and downloaded to try it . this app is helping me a lot , thank you . btw , i suggest you to do an ios version , i have friends who want to use it too . edit : i 'm sure it 'll be a huge success there too !
i am a vanilla habitician , but that game failed to serve it 's purpose several times and i eventually quit . i linked it to several systemic errors . i was even thinking about creating my own habit rpg free of those but then i found do it now . not only it answers all of my concerns it even adds more features , like drawbacks for completing certain tasks ( anti-procrastinator ) or putting player in position where he has to maintain his characteristics . amazing , thank you devs . please port it to web .
awesome experience , motivational ... helped in studies and health fitness , also in stress management .
organized .
super cute ! !
although limited , still useful
be the champion of your real-life quests
you can list what you need to do , and set up weekly , monthly and daily tasks .
very flexible and the customization is huge .
top
very rewarding . enjoyable past time .
wonderful : OK_hand : :OK_hand : :OK_hand :
absolutely love this app , paid and unpaid versions worth the time !
this app is awesome . makes tasks fun
this is an awesome app ! i initially thought the idea of `` gamifying '' my life was a little silly , but fun . after trying for two weeks it is far more motivating than i ever thought ! : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : thank you , this is finally getting me into habits i have been trying to develop . i one thing i have difficulty with is the subtasks ; once i complete the subtasks they do n't carry over to the next day 's parent task . however , the rest of the features of this app are so great you still get 5-stars !
brilliant and incredible app . it turns my daily life into enjoyable one with simple rpg concept . love it ! ! !
i like it .
easy to use and customize
great app to track your daily tasks . it is very customizable !
creative tool for getting stuff done
very cool app . using it for real life stuff as if it 's a video game is so fun . could have some bug tweaks and possibly an overhaul for the interface , but it 's still close to perfect and runs great .
very nice app and i think it will help you with your routine .
fast is good sometimes
l 'm the 6'000'th comment
just getting started with this app but so far i love it ! great way to track good habits and bad !
i sent email to the developer ( there 's only one ! ) and they solved everything within minutes . great app , helps with tasks and even small silly works . it is improving quickly and is getting better every time
one week of use & i purchased a subscription . i 've used other similar apps , i enjoy this the most . there a few improvements needed , so i need to add suggestions to the reddit page . i spent time & wrote out what i value in life , what my aspirations are , & then i narrowed down a few simple goals to reach those aspirations . then i added my goals to this app . so far it 's easy to keep track of my goals , habits , & how i 'm doing . it 's incredibly easy & even fun to use . thank you for this app .
best productivity app ever
i 'm liking it so far ! : ) it 's actually motivating me a bit ! will update review with time .
really fun i 'm new so far curious if there are bages awarded ect ...
great ! 1
i like this app , i downloaded a few to have a look and pick one , and i went with this one , i like the lay out and i just find it easy to follow l .
so useful ! ! i struggle with adhd on a daily basis , i can never remember to do simple tasks and things like notebooks , whiteboards , stickynotes , alarms , they just do n't work . but this app helps change the game dude ! ! it 's a clever way to incentivize completing tasks , and it 's helping me build better habits with the reminders and penalties for not completing it if you miss it . super useful ! ! i feel more productive and motivated to get my tasks done , i 'm grateful this app exists
i love the concept , i 've always saw the parallel between reallife and an rrg in terms of skill growth and education .
excellent app
this is a brilliant little app ! i frequently struggle with executive dysfunction and this app really helps me get things done !
ultimate
very versatile and customizable ! still new to it , but it looks very promising , if not polished yet .
i do n't have this app for long , but it is really easy to use so i like it , it also allows you to skip a day if you ca n't do it that day ( just change the day )
es la mejor aplicacion para planear tareas complejas que hay
i like it : crossed_fingers :
amazing app
best app ! !
perfect app
really cool app
so much fun to use and makes me feel better about doing everything i need to
was inspired by the novel solo leveling and it works !
such a motivation for rpg lover like me !
good
this app is a great help for me ! this helps me enjoy productivity in whole new level . i have been struggling for years to get my life back together , but with this app i feel like i can finally get some work done in a fun and enjoyable way . thank you very much !
awesome app very good at keeping me accountable .
first of all , i am thrilled with the app . if i know how it works . is there a list of ready-made tasks ? on the start screen there are some suggested ones . when i press the plus button , i actually expect a list with all possible tasks . but instead of that i only have the possibility to create a new task . at first i thought that i had to subscribe . i have subscribed now but unfortunately it is still not possible . now i have deleted all tasks from the start screen . if i click on the plus , there is still no list . it comes again : new task
marvellous ! makes a game out of everyday life . helps you organise your tasks while feeding stats about the progress you consider important ! and the gold-xp reward & punishment system gives some type of extra motive . brilliant i say
cool app !
it 's easy to use and from all of the habit apps i installed , i still came back to this and realize this is my ideal habit app . truly love it : red_heart : :red_heart :
a more in depth kind of to-do list . plus you get to monitor where the kind of activities you do would lead you in the long run . good job .
awesome . muito bom
makes doing chores seem more achievable and really helps me see my progress in being a better human .
so far , this app has had a profound impact on me getting things done . it does rely a bit on the honor system , but if you 're down for it , it can be very good .
it 's very good . it helps me more about my difficulties in habits tracking . i found it best of all
fun
really nice app sir could you please provide goal tracking functionality too , that 'd be very useful too : )
imporant functions can be used only if you subscribe . it would be best if they rather sell this app than make people pay for subscption . it 's worth their money anyway .
taco
an amazing app with a creative concept . one of the best task managing apps out there
i got the premium version the main drawbacks of this app are : 1- i can not customize the categories 2- if i do a task earlier , it still alarming on scheduled alarming time 3- removing done tasks is not available just moved to the bottom
alarms or notifications do n't work unless you open the app , then it floods all the notifications for the tasks as i open the app . defeats the purpose of the app . tedious round-about way to delete a habit compared to deleting a task . not sure how this app got a 4.6 rating .
if you want to use dark mode , you 'll have to but `` premium '' . i understand the need to make money off your app , but thats just scummy .
terrible ca n't control whether things repeat it not and a study task is automatically a habit ? stupidly paid for the premium upfront . agree with others that idk where 4.6 came from .
you have to pay for the dark mode ? really ? it does n't mattee how helpful this app could be for my life if it damages my eyes a lot more just because i ca n't afford to go premium and buy the amazing `` dark mode '' . at least those whole 2 seconds of interacting with the app were fun .
costs money to make pixels darker
do n't receive any notifications , alarms
it 's says error when copying data when i tried to export data . can you please mail me the solution again please
could n't edit any habit in this apps ca n't add pages , episodes , and liters bec they 're not available in the edit menu .. the only way to edit a habit is to delete it .
zero integration with any calendar so literally worthless ! !
app has too many error to count .
it does n't remind me . i even forgot i still had it on my phone .
its not working properly
it was confusing
absolutely hated it it was just weird
not advisable to anyone .
limited habits
no reminders
too expensive .
worst
worst
it was confusing
no reminders
if you want to use dark mode , you 'll have to but `` premium '' . i understand the need to make money off your app , but thats just scummy .
i got the premium version the main drawbacks of this app are : 1- i can not customize the categories 2- if i do a task earlier , it still alarming on scheduled alarming time 3- removing done tasks is not available just moved to the bottom
costs money to make pixels darker
terrible ca n't control whether things repeat it not and a study task is automatically a habit ? stupidly paid for the premium upfront . agree with others that idk where 4.6 came from .
it does n't remind me . i even forgot i still had it on my phone .
alarms or notifications do n't work unless you open the app , then it floods all the notifications for the tasks as i open the app . defeats the purpose of the app . tedious round-about way to delete a habit compared to deleting a task . not sure how this app got a 4.6 rating .
zero integration with any calendar so literally worthless ! !
do n't receive any notifications , alarms
you have to pay for the dark mode ? really ? it does n't mattee how helpful this app could be for my life if it damages my eyes a lot more just because i ca n't afford to go premium and buy the amazing `` dark mode '' . at least those whole 2 seconds of interacting with the app were fun .
limited habits
it 's says error when copying data when i tried to export data . can you please mail me the solution again please
absolutely hated it it was just weird
its not working properly
too expensive .
not advisable to anyone .
could n't edit any habit in this apps ca n't add pages , episodes , and liters bec they 're not available in the edit menu .. the only way to edit a habit is to delete it .
app has too many error to count .
i 'm very sorry i bought the full version so quickly . the only benefit i found so far , is the ability to add more than 7 habits . i could n't find a report that would provide information about my success and pinpoint areas that i seem to regularly miss . i was drawn to the simple ui but will probably write this off as a waste of money and return to daily tasks .
pretty solid app , does what it seems , but one problem for me is that the alarms do n't go off when they 're supposed to . instead of going off at the time i set , they all go off next time i open the app . they never go off until i open the app , so they 're useless .
great idea , but does not give notifications for me , which was really the thing i was looking for ....
i do n't get this app
no habits library
i 'm very sorry i bought the full version so quickly . the only benefit i found so far , is the ability to add more than 7 habits . i could n't find a report that would provide information about my success and pinpoint areas that i seem to regularly miss . i was drawn to the simple ui but will probably write this off as a waste of money and return to daily tasks .
pretty solid app , does what it seems , but one problem for me is that the alarms do n't go off when they 're supposed to . instead of going off at the time i set , they all go off next time i open the app . they never go off until i open the app , so they 're useless .
great idea , but does not give notifications for me , which was really the thing i was looking for ....
no habits library
i do n't get this app
just started using the app . app is user friendly but i put my phone in vibration mode and notification alarms never worked . all the times i set passed without any notification . i am surprised because i had taken habitnow off the battery optimisation list on my phone and i expected alarms to work without any hitches .
i like this app and i bought premium , even it was a little expensive ( 5,49 euro ) . what i do n't like is : habits `` with a numeric value '' do n't allow `` at least 0 times a day '' . if you want to do something 6 times a week , with the possibility to do it twice on one day , it will stay undone the other days ( -1 * ) . tasks/habits which are marked as undone may be send to the bottom , too ( -1 * ) . whitout premium you only can scedule up to 7 habits ! after a removal of any named defect i will change my rating .
firstly , thanks for your quick responses back . i appreciate it . ok , so can you explain how to do it and where that is on the app ? because there 's no tutorial for that part . when i click on the other tabs that show the month stats and graph there 's nothing indicating that the old schedule has been saved in an independent track and a new track created .
it has almost everything that i need but the thing that frustrates me the most is the calendar view . that 's really the most important thing to see how many days you 've tracked in a row . switch to calendar view it looks just like a regular calendar and nothing is highlighted for anything . you have to click on each individual day to see what it looks like .
i like this app . it 's simple and gets the job done . only downside is you 're allowed to track up to only seven habits without the premium version .
setting habits was not simple enough and at the same time was missing options . it kept telling me to choose a number , i would , press next , and same error .
i ca n't arrange my habits in the order i want . i have to choose from preselected options like alphabetical .
i do n't get any notification on the tasks to be done neither do alarm work and so i am get frustrated pls do help me with this apart from that it is a good habit tracking app
you can have just 5 habits for free . we should have more
i did like the app .. after i 'm reinstalling the app .. what happens to my in app purchase .. i had purchased the app .. rt now which i 'm using is it the paid one or free one . do i need to pay for premium again ? ?
my personal experience with the app makes me say this is deforme designed more as a task management app than a habit tracking app . the two things i want to do when building a new habit are 1 ) easily enter the stats for the habits i 'm tracking and 2 ) see the timeline of the habit growth in a snapshot or as a dashboard . this app focuses on `` today 's tasks '' , so getting to the specific habits , entering information for another day and charting progress are too cumbersome .
this app works nice if you want to track daily or weekly tasks , but it was impossible for me to schedule tasks that should happen at a certain interval . for example , every two weeks , or every 5th of the month . there is the option to schedule a task a certain amount of times per month , but not to set specific intervals or dates for such occurrences . this was unfortunately a dealbreaker .
nice but it 's really irritating that you ca n't edit frequency ! or a start date but i could live with that . unfortunately , when your schedule / circumstances change , you have to create a new habit because you ca n't change days and frequency ! edit : thanks guys for the prompt response ! fingers crossed the update with this feature is released soon ! : crossed_fingers :
it 's very useful so far , however i 'm not sure if you can change your daily routine . i made one for monday and it auto filled for every single day of the week , whereas i need them different and when i go to try and add a new task to my day that i want , it changes it for all of them . disappointing and useless if theres no way to bypass that ... might as well go back to pen and paper .
seems like it could have been great for me . however , lack of ability to modify repeating schedule ( e.g . which days of the week ) is a blocker . switched to habithub for now .
unfortunately the free version does not provide enough functionality for me . i am trying to track habits but it stopped me at 7 .
please add data synchronisation with google drive ... so , when we change device we can get our old data on signing in
decent . simple . just a bit too simple for me . i thought the percentages counted for task progress s though it were a whole project . unfortunately , it seems to only relate to habits . i 'd like to see subtasks and then percentage competed . at least the habit statistics are clear and aesthetically pleasing .
ui needs major improvements . the only app i believe which give quantitative habits also ( not just binary ) like 4 pages to read . statistics based on that can be improved but nevertheless kudos for the idea . this is only app which gives upto 7 habits in free version , so keeping it . else due to ui would have rejected long time back . current apps in market give 3 or 5 max .
tasks can not be ordered by their time . a habit not done is not shown as overdue . edit : i checked again to use it , but 1 ) recurring task can not be created . 2 ) habits are shown like scheduled tasks . it 's motivating to see habit progress instead on landing screen 3 ) it 's more useful to see progress on habit activity instead of successful day . if we set to do 2 times a day but we could do it only once , it should show progress for a 30 day goal as 1/2 ( today ) , 1/60 ( total ) instead of 0/30 or 1/30 .
i have enough credit but i ca n't purchase for premium
lobe this app but the only thing that is stopping me from getting premium is that i am unable to arrange the habits in order . habits are also not arranged according to time and it makes it so hard to find them . if you do fix it i will purchase this app
for $ 4.99 to $ 9.99 , i 'd like more widgets and customization . as it stands , the main widget , `` list '' , is block white .
guys please assist me on notification , no notification on my one plus 6. ive paid premium , problem still persist even there 's no battery saver nor notification blocker turned on . please advise. . thanks
i dont like u use numbers instead of yes or no but it doesnt show any difference on the calendar eg color difference .
great app but it never archived old chores so didne let points
its a good app but i think thers some glitch i cant have more than 6 tasks when i create one it just dose n't show .
two requests please : 1 ) allow the user to set what time the day/recurrent tasks reset . not everyone 's `` day '' ends at midnight ! 2 ) propagate the theme selected to the widget . if i have selected a dark blue theme , my widget should have the same dark blue icon ( s ) , not a bright red habitnow one . good so far , more customization would make it great ... thanks !
dark mode should not be a paid for feature in any app . otherwise this app is ok but feels pretty unintuitive .
i would give 5 stars if it had the feature to rearrange the items with your specific order instead or being predetermined
ca n't set times for when tasks need to be completed . ca n't tick off tasks for the next day
unable to edit the day you want to do your habit unless i delete and recreate the habit , which means i would lose my past statistics
just started using the app . app is user friendly but i put my phone in vibration mode and notification alarms never worked . all the times i set passed without any notification . i am surprised because i had taken habitnow off the battery optimisation list on my phone and i expected alarms to work without any hitches .
i dont like u use numbers instead of yes or no but it doesnt show any difference on the calendar eg color difference .
firstly , thanks for your quick responses back . i appreciate it . ok , so can you explain how to do it and where that is on the app ? because there 's no tutorial for that part . when i click on the other tabs that show the month stats and graph there 's nothing indicating that the old schedule has been saved in an independent track and a new track created .
great app but it never archived old chores so didne let points
you can have just 5 habits for free . we should have more
please add data synchronisation with google drive ... so , when we change device we can get our old data on signing in
i like this app and i bought premium , even it was a little expensive ( 5,49 euro ) . what i do n't like is : habits `` with a numeric value '' do n't allow `` at least 0 times a day '' . if you want to do something 6 times a week , with the possibility to do it twice on one day , it will stay undone the other days ( -1 * ) . tasks/habits which are marked as undone may be send to the bottom , too ( -1 * ) . whitout premium you only can scedule up to 7 habits ! after a removal of any named defect i will change my rating .
i like this app . it 's simple and gets the job done . only downside is you 're allowed to track up to only seven habits without the premium version .
my personal experience with the app makes me say this is deforme designed more as a task management app than a habit tracking app . the two things i want to do when building a new habit are 1 ) easily enter the stats for the habits i 'm tracking and 2 ) see the timeline of the habit growth in a snapshot or as a dashboard . this app focuses on `` today 's tasks '' , so getting to the specific habits , entering information for another day and charting progress are too cumbersome .
setting habits was not simple enough and at the same time was missing options . it kept telling me to choose a number , i would , press next , and same error .
i ca n't arrange my habits in the order i want . i have to choose from preselected options like alphabetical .
i did like the app .. after i 'm reinstalling the app .. what happens to my in app purchase .. i had purchased the app .. rt now which i 'm using is it the paid one or free one . do i need to pay for premium again ? ?
unable to edit the day you want to do your habit unless i delete and recreate the habit , which means i would lose my past statistics
it has almost everything that i need but the thing that frustrates me the most is the calendar view . that 's really the most important thing to see how many days you 've tracked in a row . switch to calendar view it looks just like a regular calendar and nothing is highlighted for anything . you have to click on each individual day to see what it looks like .
i have enough credit but i ca n't purchase for premium
i do n't get any notification on the tasks to be done neither do alarm work and so i am get frustrated pls do help me with this apart from that it is a good habit tracking app
seems like it could have been great for me . however , lack of ability to modify repeating schedule ( e.g . which days of the week ) is a blocker . switched to habithub for now .
nice but it 's really irritating that you ca n't edit frequency ! or a start date but i could live with that . unfortunately , when your schedule / circumstances change , you have to create a new habit because you ca n't change days and frequency ! edit : thanks guys for the prompt response ! fingers crossed the update with this feature is released soon ! : crossed_fingers :
unfortunately the free version does not provide enough functionality for me . i am trying to track habits but it stopped me at 7 .
this app works nice if you want to track daily or weekly tasks , but it was impossible for me to schedule tasks that should happen at a certain interval . for example , every two weeks , or every 5th of the month . there is the option to schedule a task a certain amount of times per month , but not to set specific intervals or dates for such occurrences . this was unfortunately a dealbreaker .
two requests please : 1 ) allow the user to set what time the day/recurrent tasks reset . not everyone 's `` day '' ends at midnight ! 2 ) propagate the theme selected to the widget . if i have selected a dark blue theme , my widget should have the same dark blue icon ( s ) , not a bright red habitnow one . good so far , more customization would make it great ... thanks !
it 's very useful so far , however i 'm not sure if you can change your daily routine . i made one for monday and it auto filled for every single day of the week , whereas i need them different and when i go to try and add a new task to my day that i want , it changes it for all of them . disappointing and useless if theres no way to bypass that ... might as well go back to pen and paper .
ca n't set times for when tasks need to be completed . ca n't tick off tasks for the next day
dark mode should not be a paid for feature in any app . otherwise this app is ok but feels pretty unintuitive .
guys please assist me on notification , no notification on my one plus 6. ive paid premium , problem still persist even there 's no battery saver nor notification blocker turned on . please advise. . thanks
ui needs major improvements . the only app i believe which give quantitative habits also ( not just binary ) like 4 pages to read . statistics based on that can be improved but nevertheless kudos for the idea . this is only app which gives upto 7 habits in free version , so keeping it . else due to ui would have rejected long time back . current apps in market give 3 or 5 max .
i would give 5 stars if it had the feature to rearrange the items with your specific order instead or being predetermined
tasks can not be ordered by their time . a habit not done is not shown as overdue . edit : i checked again to use it , but 1 ) recurring task can not be created . 2 ) habits are shown like scheduled tasks . it 's motivating to see habit progress instead on landing screen 3 ) it 's more useful to see progress on habit activity instead of successful day . if we set to do 2 times a day but we could do it only once , it should show progress for a 30 day goal as 1/2 ( today ) , 1/60 ( total ) instead of 0/30 or 1/30 .
decent . simple . just a bit too simple for me . i thought the percentages counted for task progress s though it were a whole project . unfortunately , it seems to only relate to habits . i 'd like to see subtasks and then percentage competed . at least the habit statistics are clear and aesthetically pleasing .
its a good app but i think thers some glitch i cant have more than 6 tasks when i create one it just dose n't show .
lobe this app but the only thing that is stopping me from getting premium is that i am unable to arrange the habits in order . habits are also not arranged according to time and it makes it so hard to find them . if you do fix it i will purchase this app
for $ 4.99 to $ 9.99 , i 'd like more widgets and customization . as it stands , the main widget , `` list '' , is block white .
it is a great app . but still there is space for some improvement . the calendar for example : you have one to add more tasks , other to see each specific task and the days that you did the job , but note one to see the sum of all tasks . you should create a resume calendar , where i can see the percentage of jobs that i accomplished in each day .
habitnow is the first todo list with a key feature i 've been looking for : to-do items that are automatically created at certain times . as such it is the best such app i 've ever used . the only problem is that the author made no provision for hiding completed items . they just hang around cluttering the list -- the best it does is move them to the bottom . i find it very odd that anyone would want to stare at completed to-do items . certainly that should n't be the default , but there it is .
love the app . best of it 's kind imo . not perfect but so close ! this app has the potential to be used for so much more than just habits and tasks ! if i may suggest : - having the `` .00 '' digits be optional and not by default when setting/entering goals . - having multiple reminder/notification throughout the day on one habit to enter data multiple times a day ( ex : 200 push ups a day , with 4 reminders so i can do 4x50 or something instead of having 4 habits ) or the ability to group habits .
hey , awesome app . it was n't long until i purchased the unlocked version . however , some things could be improved . for example , you ca n't change units after the habit is created . and it would be nice to hide the `` .0 '' part after digits , since mostly it refers to `` minutes '' or `` iterations '' or `` cups '' and it looks kinda sloppy to see your goal described as `` learn at least 30.0 minutes '' or `` drink at least 2.0 cups '' . if the number is whole , why not just hide that point zero - it 'll look neater , i think .
i looked at a lot of habit tracking apps and this one was the closest i 've found to what i was looking for . unless i missed how/where to do them , there are three things i wish i could do in the app . first , create custom categories/subcategories , especially under health . second , edit start dates without having to delete and retype to correct . three , have the ability to add notes .
this is a great app ! the ability to track my habits and edit them as needed is really awesome . there are just 2 things i 'd really like to see that would make this a 5-star review for me : 1 ) full editing options ( currently ca n't edit the frequency for my times per period items ) , and 2 ) a help/glossary feature . i 'm not sure exactly what the link icon means , as it is 0 on items i 've not done or done once , but 1 on items that i 've done twice or three times .
just installed and trying out ( i 'll update along with my experiences ) . ui/ux is pleasant and clear . looks promising . love the free full-featured & premium accessory-features philosophy ; i 'll pay later on to support development . issues : 1 ) ca n't change start-date & repetition of a habit ; if it 'll break history data , at least allow duplication 2 ) would expect scheduled days to be colored/marked in the single habit calendar , as future overview ; not just as achievement overview . # # so far , good job !
make sure your phone settings are allowing the app to make notifications.the app works great , and is super helpful . the only thing i would recommend is to be able to make custom categories . right now you can do other , but ca n't specify . would definitely recommend app . update 2- i ca n't seem to find the setting that lets me see the notifications . i can get it to work but only once then it stops . would you be able to help me out ? after my first review you said you 'd be able to if i needed it .
i have been using this premium version of app from past 6 months and its really great , but i still believe there are few feature still missing in it to make things easy . like there should be dashboard which gives details of all habbits progress in bar percentage marked successful . currently you have to go to each habbit and check the status . so a centralized section giving more details on the progress would be helpful like it is in habbit tracker app . also a dynamic habbit counter could be added
very versatile , keeps you on the track and highlights your strengths and weaknesses so impressed that i bought premium on very first day to have unlimited habits 4 stars only because there is no possibility to set monthly repeated task neither on a specific date ( e.g . 3th of every month ) nor on specific day ( e.g . second wednesday in a month ) otherwise it would be 5 *
would have been a five star had something as simple as a color theme change not came with a price . seriously ? ! i have to pay premium prices just to go into dark mode . if i was going to pay , i 'm most certainly not paying now . that 's just too petty a thing . however , great concept guys .
nice but please give option to add different time intervals for habits . for example i want to develop habit of drinking water and want the reminder to come at multiple particular times a day . the app allows only one specific time for the reminder , so please add the mentioned feature .
it is the perfect app for me when it comes to tasks/habits , however it would 've been nice to if you can add sound when i mark a task complete .
great however marking down one star as ca n't find a way to edit frequency of habit once you 've saved it . have to delete and recreate habit with new frequency .
i like using the app and my weekly progress . i would like to see a total of how many things i did each day and maybe a graph ? i like positive reinforcement .
very nice looking app for tracking habits and tasks . have already replaced my old task app for habitnow . glad you can purchase the premium version and not have to buy a subscription like many other apps are now doing . i 've been unable to figure out how to make tasks repeat and modify the schedule of existing habits . if these capabilities do n't exist , would love to see these as improvements .
i like this app but i dont understand why i cant set up tasks that repeat unless they 're habits . or edit the categories . a habit is something you want to always do , i want to plan reoccurring tasks that are temporary .
great app , keeps me on track and efficient . helps me stick to my new year 's goals . just wish we could add more habits .
so far i like the app . question - i see a spot where it says , notes for the month , but how do i input notes ? i do n't see the option to enter notes .
best productivity app i 've found , goal progress tracking , hierarchical task management and progress reports would make it even better
i have n't started using it officially but i 'm giving a 4 star because the user interface is on point ... i 'm starting my habits on monday ... hopefully the functionality part will be as user friendly as the ui . thank you
very good job . would like option for completed habits to hide for the day , and option to edit categories names , icons and colours
great , simple app . notifications can be better ; they pop out irrespective of whether goal was achieved and thus are useless .
i like it . it 's quite easy to use . would it be possible to sync data between devices ? that would be a lovely plus !
alarm not working at all . i have checked all settings in my phone they all are on . could you please assist me on same .
all to do lists should embrace habit monitoring . also , i like it when a pending task persists on the list until it 's done or removed .
would be great to customize the alarm . i want to test pavlov effect with supplements .
wish you could set tasks to recur at regular times , but it 's a good app overall
please fix the alarm functionality it does not notify me in android 9 running asus zenfone max pro m1
easy to add habits and tasks ; you see everything for that dat
great app ! how can i change the alarm sound
easy , simple , cheerful , effective
i love this app , it 's the only one i 've found which combines tasks and habits in a simple way . however , i do get frustrated that i ca n't seem to change the scheduling of a habit after i 've set it up . e.g . if it 's set for once a week and i want to make it twice i have to delete it and create a new one . can you please fix this
its a good app ! i honestly dont mind that you need to have premium to get the themes . as long as there are no ads im fine ! i just wish you could create a widget that you can see on your home screen . that would be so convenient !
great updates ! nice color , nice experience , pro version is better , wished more was free . need quick add tasks ( see tick tick ) , needs folders , and a pomo timer would be awesome.thanks for adding sort and categories !
really like this app , the layout , and ease of use . however , i did not see a way to go back and edit your scheduled days . everything else you can edit , .. time , date , category , but wanted to change my days and i had to delete the entry and start over to modify my scheduled days . otherwise , i would 've rated it 5☆s
it 's relatively helpful especially when checking habit progress . however , some notifications do not come on time but nevertheless , i recommend it .
this is actually a really good app . i just have a couple of suggestions that make things a little more helpful 1. to be able to rearrange the habits or tasks by the time we have it set so it will look like more of a daily schedule instead of just a list 2. a button that goes with when you want to do your habit or task have it be more specific just in case we want to break our task or habit up and do half earlier in the day and the other half like drinking water or studying .
another important feature missing is the ability to tell if i have future tasks scheduled when looking at the calendar . currently the calander view shows days in a circle . please colorize the background of that circle if there are tasks scheduled on that day . this is essential in order to know what days i have future tasks scheduled on . on top of the calendar it says to pick a day to see if i have a scheduled task . that is not efficient as i would need to go click each day one by one .
very nice ui , but need some work . 1 ) first week day ( monday/sunday ) option in calendar ; 2 ) calendar should show tasks/habits below calendar instead of when touching the selected day only ( this makes you feel you have nothing the whole day/mont ) ... add this and app will be more solid ... and i may jump into premium ! keep it up !
love it , bought premium . but needs an option to schedule reoccurring tasks like `` take mom shopping first sunday of every month at 11am . ''
thank you for responding and i 'm looking forward to that update ( customized categories ) . another improvement i 'd love to see are more options for a goal besides a daily one , such as save $ 100 per week , etc . i got the premium and love the dark theme , this app is the best i 've found for my needs . thank you !
simple and practical
this app is really functional and helpful . the widget is great . caveat : you can only track seven habits without paying . it 's one time five bucks and worth it though . suggestion to the developer : make checked off habits go to the bottom of the list so we can see what we have n't done yet more easily .
so close to being the perfect app . 2 things needed before i switch to using it . # 1. add ability to edit and change habit status for previous days . sometimes i do n't have time or forget to update my habits on the day of . # 2. ability to set first day of week for calendar ( i prefer monday )
only used for a day but it 's the best app i 've found for daily tasks / to do lists . would love to see the following : 1. completed tasks move to the bottom 2. tasks be linked to a numerical value . 3. the ability to order each item manually , daily .
i subscribed for premium because i feel it 's nice . could you tell me where to check the status report ? and how to re-organize the habits freely without any sorting order ? thanks edit : please add option for statistics tab separately and need to work on showing them correctly on average .
i really like this app so far . its flexible ans very customizable . the only thing i would add is either more categories/the ability to add my own . health and home are very broad categories . so being able to have sub categories would be nice
just installed this app , it is easy to use and is quite beautiful . i would love to have a vision board feature page that i can put pics and maybe a daily quote feature ( spiritual ? ) before jumping to premium , please .
very useful ! reminders at specific times which stay on the screen really help me get stuff done . would like to be able to create own catagories and choose colours and icons for these in the premium version thank you !
great app . could be better if i could have the same habit with multiple notification times so i can do it several times a day without having to recreate the habit several times . thanks
very nice , but would you consider letting people create custom categories , and setting intervals such as `` every 2 days '' instead of number of times a week ? with that , this app would be perfect .
i liked it i just have to many things i want to put in it and i ca n't afford to pay for premium .
please add an option to update habit/task status from the notification bar when i receive notification on the set time . overall good app .
i like this app alot . it lets me track my habits and goals in an intuitive way . only would ask a few minor things , like a line on the bar chart that shows the limit/goal & task alarms even when app not active .
love it , it works ! i would like to have had it transfer my habits to the new phone but the backup folder did n't work . so i had to do them all over again . overall love it though .
awesome app .. i like the daily work and habit tracking .. thanks guys
good app with notifications for reminding you and helping you track your progress
set a color which depends on percentage for goals .
good app . wish there were more customization
though i would love to see it make improvements
i liked it but once i got it i saw a had no need for it and i felt like i do n't need it as much as others .
your app is awesome , please add sticky notification
helped me a lot
great at 1st
it s great
quite a good app for me
it is a good for organising daily task n making habit
handy habit helper
great app , very usable and straightforward , but i wish the calendar view showed the days you had completed all of your goals for that day . seeing your progress streak would be very encouraging !
funciona bien , pero si le hacen falta cosas , tengo la versión premium , resulta que debería existir la opción de crear categorías ( donde uno pueda seleccionar el ícono que más le convenga de la lista que ustedes dejen y poder asignarle el nombre de la categoría ) por ejemplo : como sabemos , existe categoría denominada `` study '' pero no se puede configurar mas de ahí . sería bueno poder crear categorías con el nombre de cada materia para tener un mejor control de lo que se hace .
não tem a opçāo de sub tarefa
very good .
good enough : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
good
great app , very usable and straightforward , but i wish the calendar view showed the days you had completed all of your goals for that day . seeing your progress streak would be very encouraging !
please fix the alarm functionality it does not notify me in android 9 running asus zenfone max pro m1
wish you could set tasks to recur at regular times , but it 's a good app overall
it is a great app . but still there is space for some improvement . the calendar for example : you have one to add more tasks , other to see each specific task and the days that you did the job , but note one to see the sum of all tasks . you should create a resume calendar , where i can see the percentage of jobs that i accomplished in each day .
easy , simple , cheerful , effective
funciona bien , pero si le hacen falta cosas , tengo la versión premium , resulta que debería existir la opción de crear categorías ( donde uno pueda seleccionar el ícono que más le convenga de la lista que ustedes dejen y poder asignarle el nombre de la categoría ) por ejemplo : como sabemos , existe categoría denominada `` study '' pero no se puede configurar mas de ahí . sería bueno poder crear categorías con el nombre de cada materia para tener un mejor control de lo que se hace .
i like using the app and my weekly progress . i would like to see a total of how many things i did each day and maybe a graph ? i like positive reinforcement .
it is the perfect app for me when it comes to tasks/habits , however it would 've been nice to if you can add sound when i mark a task complete .
would be great to customize the alarm . i want to test pavlov effect with supplements .
habitnow is the first todo list with a key feature i 've been looking for : to-do items that are automatically created at certain times . as such it is the best such app i 've ever used . the only problem is that the author made no provision for hiding completed items . they just hang around cluttering the list -- the best it does is move them to the bottom . i find it very odd that anyone would want to stare at completed to-do items . certainly that should n't be the default , but there it is .
great at 1st
alarm not working at all . i have checked all settings in my phone they all are on . could you please assist me on same .
love the app . best of it 's kind imo . not perfect but so close ! this app has the potential to be used for so much more than just habits and tasks ! if i may suggest : - having the `` .00 '' digits be optional and not by default when setting/entering goals . - having multiple reminder/notification throughout the day on one habit to enter data multiple times a day ( ex : 200 push ups a day , with 4 reminders so i can do 4x50 or something instead of having 4 habits ) or the ability to group habits .
great however marking down one star as ca n't find a way to edit frequency of habit once you 've saved it . have to delete and recreate habit with new frequency .
não tem a opçāo de sub tarefa
i have been using this premium version of app from past 6 months and its really great , but i still believe there are few feature still missing in it to make things easy . like there should be dashboard which gives details of all habbits progress in bar percentage marked successful . currently you have to go to each habbit and check the status . so a centralized section giving more details on the progress would be helpful like it is in habbit tracker app . also a dynamic habbit counter could be added
nice but please give option to add different time intervals for habits . for example i want to develop habit of drinking water and want the reminder to come at multiple particular times a day . the app allows only one specific time for the reminder , so please add the mentioned feature .
i have n't started using it officially but i 'm giving a 4 star because the user interface is on point ... i 'm starting my habits on monday ... hopefully the functionality part will be as user friendly as the ui . thank you
though i would love to see it make improvements
very good job . would like option for completed habits to hide for the day , and option to edit categories names , icons and colours
i looked at a lot of habit tracking apps and this one was the closest i 've found to what i was looking for . unless i missed how/where to do them , there are three things i wish i could do in the app . first , create custom categories/subcategories , especially under health . second , edit start dates without having to delete and retype to correct . three , have the ability to add notes .
so far i like the app . question - i see a spot where it says , notes for the month , but how do i input notes ? i do n't see the option to enter notes .
hey , awesome app . it was n't long until i purchased the unlocked version . however , some things could be improved . for example , you ca n't change units after the habit is created . and it would be nice to hide the `` .0 '' part after digits , since mostly it refers to `` minutes '' or `` iterations '' or `` cups '' and it looks kinda sloppy to see your goal described as `` learn at least 30.0 minutes '' or `` drink at least 2.0 cups '' . if the number is whole , why not just hide that point zero - it 'll look neater , i think .
great app ! how can i change the alarm sound
awesome app .. i like the daily work and habit tracking .. thanks guys
helped me a lot
make sure your phone settings are allowing the app to make notifications.the app works great , and is super helpful . the only thing i would recommend is to be able to make custom categories . right now you can do other , but ca n't specify . would definitely recommend app . update 2- i ca n't seem to find the setting that lets me see the notifications . i can get it to work but only once then it stops . would you be able to help me out ? after my first review you said you 'd be able to if i needed it .
i liked it i just have to many things i want to put in it and i ca n't afford to pay for premium .
i like it . it 's quite easy to use . would it be possible to sync data between devices ? that would be a lovely plus !
best productivity app i 've found , goal progress tracking , hierarchical task management and progress reports would make it even better
just installed and trying out ( i 'll update along with my experiences ) . ui/ux is pleasant and clear . looks promising . love the free full-featured & premium accessory-features philosophy ; i 'll pay later on to support development . issues : 1 ) ca n't change start-date & repetition of a habit ; if it 'll break history data , at least allow duplication 2 ) would expect scheduled days to be colored/marked in the single habit calendar , as future overview ; not just as achievement overview . # # so far , good job !
i liked it but once i got it i saw a had no need for it and i felt like i do n't need it as much as others .
simple and practical
this is a great app ! the ability to track my habits and edit them as needed is really awesome . there are just 2 things i 'd really like to see that would make this a 5-star review for me : 1 ) full editing options ( currently ca n't edit the frequency for my times per period items ) , and 2 ) a help/glossary feature . i 'm not sure exactly what the link icon means , as it is 0 on items i 've not done or done once , but 1 on items that i 've done twice or three times .
easy to add habits and tasks ; you see everything for that dat
it s great
very versatile , keeps you on the track and highlights your strengths and weaknesses so impressed that i bought premium on very first day to have unlimited habits 4 stars only because there is no possibility to set monthly repeated task neither on a specific date ( e.g . 3th of every month ) nor on specific day ( e.g . second wednesday in a month ) otherwise it would be 5 *
i like this app but i dont understand why i cant set up tasks that repeat unless they 're habits . or edit the categories . a habit is something you want to always do , i want to plan reoccurring tasks that are temporary .
would have been a five star had something as simple as a color theme change not came with a price . seriously ? ! i have to pay premium prices just to go into dark mode . if i was going to pay , i 'm most certainly not paying now . that 's just too petty a thing . however , great concept guys .
great , simple app . notifications can be better ; they pop out irrespective of whether goal was achieved and thus are useless .
great app , keeps me on track and efficient . helps me stick to my new year 's goals . just wish we could add more habits .
all to do lists should embrace habit monitoring . also , i like it when a pending task persists on the list until it 's done or removed .
set a color which depends on percentage for goals .
very good .
very nice looking app for tracking habits and tasks . have already replaced my old task app for habitnow . glad you can purchase the premium version and not have to buy a subscription like many other apps are now doing . i 've been unable to figure out how to make tasks repeat and modify the schedule of existing habits . if these capabilities do n't exist , would love to see these as improvements .
good enough : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
love it , bought premium . but needs an option to schedule reoccurring tasks like `` take mom shopping first sunday of every month at 11am . ''
good app with notifications for reminding you and helping you track your progress
your app is awesome , please add sticky notification
good
i love this app , it 's the only one i 've found which combines tasks and habits in a simple way . however , i do get frustrated that i ca n't seem to change the scheduling of a habit after i 've set it up . e.g . if it 's set for once a week and i want to make it twice i have to delete it and create a new one . can you please fix this
its a good app ! i honestly dont mind that you need to have premium to get the themes . as long as there are no ads im fine ! i just wish you could create a widget that you can see on your home screen . that would be so convenient !
please add an option to update habit/task status from the notification bar when i receive notification on the set time . overall good app .
it 's relatively helpful especially when checking habit progress . however , some notifications do not come on time but nevertheless , i recommend it .
great updates ! nice color , nice experience , pro version is better , wished more was free . need quick add tasks ( see tick tick ) , needs folders , and a pomo timer would be awesome.thanks for adding sort and categories !
it is a good for organising daily task n making habit
i like this app alot . it lets me track my habits and goals in an intuitive way . only would ask a few minor things , like a line on the bar chart that shows the limit/goal & task alarms even when app not active .
very nice , but would you consider letting people create custom categories , and setting intervals such as `` every 2 days '' instead of number of times a week ? with that , this app would be perfect .
another important feature missing is the ability to tell if i have future tasks scheduled when looking at the calendar . currently the calander view shows days in a circle . please colorize the background of that circle if there are tasks scheduled on that day . this is essential in order to know what days i have future tasks scheduled on . on top of the calendar it says to pick a day to see if i have a scheduled task . that is not efficient as i would need to go click each day one by one .
handy habit helper
just installed this app , it is easy to use and is quite beautiful . i would love to have a vision board feature page that i can put pics and maybe a daily quote feature ( spiritual ? ) before jumping to premium , please .
good app . wish there were more customization
very nice ui , but need some work . 1 ) first week day ( monday/sunday ) option in calendar ; 2 ) calendar should show tasks/habits below calendar instead of when touching the selected day only ( this makes you feel you have nothing the whole day/mont ) ... add this and app will be more solid ... and i may jump into premium ! keep it up !
i subscribed for premium because i feel it 's nice . could you tell me where to check the status report ? and how to re-organize the habits freely without any sorting order ? thanks edit : please add option for statistics tab separately and need to work on showing them correctly on average .
only used for a day but it 's the best app i 've found for daily tasks / to do lists . would love to see the following : 1. completed tasks move to the bottom 2. tasks be linked to a numerical value . 3. the ability to order each item manually , daily .
love it , it works ! i would like to have had it transfer my habits to the new phone but the backup folder did n't work . so i had to do them all over again . overall love it though .
thank you for responding and i 'm looking forward to that update ( customized categories ) . another improvement i 'd love to see are more options for a goal besides a daily one , such as save $ 100 per week , etc . i got the premium and love the dark theme , this app is the best i 've found for my needs . thank you !
great app . could be better if i could have the same habit with multiple notification times so i can do it several times a day without having to recreate the habit several times . thanks
very useful ! reminders at specific times which stay on the screen really help me get stuff done . would like to be able to create own catagories and choose colours and icons for these in the premium version thank you !
this app is really functional and helpful . the widget is great . caveat : you can only track seven habits without paying . it 's one time five bucks and worth it though . suggestion to the developer : make checked off habits go to the bottom of the list so we can see what we have n't done yet more easily .
this is actually a really good app . i just have a couple of suggestions that make things a little more helpful 1. to be able to rearrange the habits or tasks by the time we have it set so it will look like more of a daily schedule instead of just a list 2. a button that goes with when you want to do your habit or task have it be more specific just in case we want to break our task or habit up and do half earlier in the day and the other half like drinking water or studying .
so close to being the perfect app . 2 things needed before i switch to using it . # 1. add ability to edit and change habit status for previous days . sometimes i do n't have time or forget to update my habits on the day of . # 2. ability to set first day of week for calendar ( i prefer monday )
quite a good app for me
really like this app , the layout , and ease of use . however , i did not see a way to go back and edit your scheduled days . everything else you can edit , .. time , date , category , but wanted to change my days and i had to delete the entry and start over to modify my scheduled days . otherwise , i would 've rated it 5☆s
i really like this app so far . its flexible ans very customizable . the only thing i would add is either more categories/the ability to add my own . health and home are very broad categories . so being able to have sub categories would be nice
honestly great . simple . effective . 1 time purchase . the ui has a sort of dated look but it 's very quick and easy to use . most of my daily habits vary alot based on which day it is , my schedule varies so much i cant put them on a specifik time , and i almost always do them in the same order . therefore there should be an option to change the order of the habits manually , yourself , without any variables . : )
i love how simple this app is . i 've tried full gtd systems , which are too complicated for me . by keeping things simple , this app forces you to prioritize . i do n't need hundreds of tasks organized in a hierarchy , just a simple app to keep my goals in sight . this app does it with a beautiful easy-to-read interface . tip : you have to be creative with the sorting order to make it work for you . for example , i sort my today list by : 1. priority ; 2. habits first . 3. time . it works beautifully for me .
love it ! a scheduling app that does n't force me to sync my google calendar with it ! i downloaded 5 different apps that all did and it was so incredibly frustrating , i deleted them all right away and finally found what i was looking for ! i use my google calendar to keep track of bills and things like that , and those calendars have national holidays and other stuff i just do n't want mixed in with my day to day sched . i wanted a blank calendar app to schedule things . it was surprsingly hard to find
the best app in the market for improving your daily habits . i researched many habit apps in play store and finally concluded that this is the best one . i changed my self a lot by regulary monitoring my habits through habitnow app . the user interface is superb and quite simple . also it provides habit statistics up to date . you can also enter your habits according to the category like health , nutrition etc .. a must have app for everybody ! !
excellent if you use it properly . the only thing i would change is the notification and alarms settings . i want notifications to come through even when i 'm not actively looking at the app . right now , i 'm not notified until i open the app and the pop-ups show up .
this app is wonderful ! i love that it has an option for numerical input each day . it is also great that there are both individual tasks and continuous habits , as previously i have had to use two separate apps for this . i did pay for the premium version , but i like that the app still functions effectively even if you have the free version . i would love to have a visual of my progress in each habit for the past week , but that is the only recommendation i can make . overall this app is perfect !
so far so good . just started using this app about a week ago . it 's working well and is pretty clear cut as to adding or editing the habits . i like the option for reminders . if it continues to work well in the next few weeks , am thinking of buying premium at discounted `` launch '' price of $ 4.99 . that describes widgets as an extra and i am just wondering what that means .
the best app of its kind , hands down . the only thing i would improve is the reminder system : right now the app would send you a notification to complete a habit/task even after you 've already done it , when in my opinion it should automatically turn off . it 's a minor thing , but it tends to get a bit silly when you 've completed a lot of tasks ahead of schedule . other than that , it 's perfect .
i got this app to track my medication and it 's perfect ! i can set up how i want to take each medicine ( yes/no or quantity ) , see the start date and adherence in the summary view , and even track side effects and effectiveness each day then see them in a chronological list in the sunmary . and the best part is that it 's not tied to some medical database ! added bonus : i can track real to-dos as well . overall , love this app !
i 'm trying to develop some healthy habits , and this app is very good at reminding me to do things . the only complaint i have is that you ca n't actually organize your tasks and habits . i try to organize them by time and they do n't move . i have a habit for 12pm listed after one for 3am , which is preceded by 4pm . this is very frustrating when you want to look at things in order . that 's why i 'm docking 1 : star : . i like the function of it and i like the widget . update : 1 : star : restored- thank you for helping !
exactly what i was looking for to help establish routines . i like that i can set it to place habits on certain days and do n't manually have to readd them . my only suggestion is to be able to manually sort items
this app has worked great with no glitches . it does exactly what i need it to do and has had a valuable impact on my life . one minor update i 'd like to see is a way to customise the category titles . sometimes the preset ones do n't match up with the tasks i do .
i love this app so much it has really helped me get into a morning and night time routine . before i found this app i was always late for school and felt really unhealthy in myself . but now i 'm i 'm always early for school and make sure i wake up every morning at the right time thank you to this app so much
just what i 've been searching for . i like the compact view of the routines and tasks , and the satisfying way to mark them completed or not . the sorting options are useful . it would be great if you could add automatic syncing to gdrive at some point .
great habit tracking app . very clean and simple interface . fantastically elegant design . other habit tracking apps are not as user friendly . i contacted the developers on a couple of concerns i had and they were already working on these features to be added in future updates .
i 've been using this app for a week and so far it is great ! it has really helped me hold myself accountable for habits that i want to break or start . way better than i thought . i never end up liking self help apps . i also never write reviews . give the one a chance .
great little app . lovely interface , and does what i need it do by reminding me what tasks/habits i want to do each day . i like the feature where i can see my overall success percentage for each habit .
tried all habit tracker apps , it 's the best one yet . just please add an option to the calendar icon so i can see all the habits & tasks together at the calendar & read their notes or success / failure rate . keep up the good work .
the app is great . but i can not purchase premium version . it says that can not connect to internet and my internet is working ... so i can not use all advantages of this app unfortunately ...
great app works very well it helps alot especially at this time with this pandemic helps to keep everything that you need to keep track of what and where you should be and to keep track of your symptoms and must know information . check this app out .
this is the best and simplest habit app that i have used . i had tried a couple of others and never stuck with them . i use the notification feature to send me a reminder to mark off my habits for the day , so i do n't even have to think about remembering to update it .
really versatile app , got the premium version almost immediately . very easy to use , love dark theme , not invasive and does n't cause anxiety with pending habits/tasks . i 'd like to see a feature added to make daily notes for each habit and one to let you chose the icon for 'other ' category habits .
i ca n't say enough good things about the app and the dev and support teams . super stable , lots of great features , and the most responsive support team i 've worked with personally or professionally . invest in this app ! you 'll love it and you 'll support a company that is doing app development right .
really helpful . i like that i get reminders in the morning about what 's on my agenda for the day . i like that i can check them off and they move to the bottom of the lotst as they are completed . i like that it reminds me later in the day to revisit my list . easy to use .
it is the best app i ever downloaded to keep track of things that needs to be done . im a proctastinator/ forgetful and know how hard it is to get things done . but this app eliminates the hassle of forgetting tasks .
i love this app , is very simple to use , yoh can set the time for reminders . is not annoying and i totally recommend to use it . the only thing i would like to improve , is to put first the task you havend comple .
perfect app for what it is made for , i even.purchased premium so i could add more habits and also get the dark mode option . i am a music producer and if anybody does any form of creative art for a living then you will know how easy it is to get carried away and spend hours doing that . this app has helped me to stay on top of other tasks such as eating healthy spending time with my pets and going to the gym everyday . so thank you ! ! ! god bless and have a great day . instagram : av_theartist
it is a very nice app , it remixes you and you will never miss any task , it reminds you with alarm or notification , it really helped me .
i love the app , and the widget is very useful . it 's also nice to have my tasks and habits in the one place . only feature i 've found to be missing so far is to start the week on a monday instead of a sunday
awesome app . i now remember to take my medication , drink my water , and have my to do list . it has been extremely helpful and productive .
i was reluctant at first to use this app but now absolutely love it . it 's simple yet effective to track your habits and keep on top of to-do list . truly one of the best app i have used ( & i seldom say or write any comments ) . however , just one niggly point would be the alarm where it does n't seem to do anything even if i choose to have alarm on the reminder function . if this could be resolved , it would be awesome and would just go premium !
great simple app . i wish it easily sync 'd across devices . i also would love a calendar view i can see/print so i can visually see my progress over time .
app is great in terms of tracking or developing a habit and has great customizations for each . i loved the option of reminder but very dissapointed that it never works . i never get any notifications or reminders .
this app is simple and effective ! i totally love the reminders to complete my tasks and goals ! being able to look back at the calendar and see where i suceeded is awesome !
i am really appreciating these reminders and the ability to track my progress ! ! ! it has a lot of customizable options and it is easy to use . highly recommend
very good and far better than most of the similar apps that i have tried so far . it would be great if weekly schedule could be added for an specific habit , so you could be reminded at different times during different days of the week ; which sounds more functional and reasonable as we usually do n't have a fixed routine during the week . needless to say what a big improvement a companion smart watch app would be !
i really like it ! it is easy to use , it does n't take a lot of time , just check and follow your new habits . me encanta ! fácil de usar y no toma mucho tiempo revisar y hacerle seguimiento a tus nuevos hábitos .
functional , does everything i want it to do , versatile and allows for both habits and one-off tasks . the only improvement i want to make is changing the colours of the completion status icons .
love it ! has really helped me focus and complete tasks all the way through , if only so i get to check them off and maintain my completion percentage
bought premium . exactly what i was looking for . amazing job and what i need to help me in life . giving it 5 stars even though i have one suggestion . possibly have it where you can have a single habit occur twice . like say example i want work out but i want to work out at 3pm and 7pm . i saw another app have it but still this one is best hands down .
best app , only few changes please . in the edit option ca n't seem to change first date and repeat interval . please add full editing same as when making a habit or task . thank you
this app is exactly what i need to to be . it helps me keep track of the habits i 'm trying to establish without being too intrusive . i 've already recommended it to a number of my friends .
i really love this app so far . it would be nice though if a habit/task would disappear from the widget list when completed for the day . it would make a better sense of accomplishment .
really good app and well built with nice user interface . they also have good customer service and they replyed quickly to my earlier review where i was experiencing a problem at first .
this app is outstanding ! i love dark mode so i upgraded to premium & it 's 100 % worth it . excellent app . great to organize & motivate yourself . thank you
only starting but it is a good little app so far ! easy to use and does what it needs to ; will see how it goes : )
it was really awesome.this is what i was looking for . i can track all my habits and task and also can see the history . i am notified in time . having a good time with this app . the theme is also nice . really loved it .
for those looking to manage their habits and tasks in one app , habitnow is just for you . no mpre need to sketch trackers that aren ' y as nearly accessible as your phone .
this app is working really well for me . definitely helping me stay on track with habits i 'm working to build and stop !
im in love with this app ! simple to use , beautiful layout and keep me on track !
respected brother very nice app . premium payment must be by other means as well and your contact details .
it 's perfect . i 've made excellent progress on my newly formed habits and i meet every task , thanks to this app .
best habit app i have tried , love the flexibility , task list and look . good job !
this app has most features for a free habit tracker and even the onetime payment is the cheapest in this category . the habit tracker of choice .
simple and effective ! i really enjoy the unobtrusive way of making sure you log your data
as a teenager , it is very crucial to manage time , habits and tasks.this is one app which allowed me to do so.my saying for this app is that it would control what you do in a day by its limit .
love this ! ! ! a simple easy way to keep me on track during the day ! !
i am really enjoying this app so far ! it 's just what i was looking for to keep myself on a routine . and the price is great !
this is a perfect app for tracking and building habits ! : )
very useful for keeping myself accountable for daily tasks and goals that i want to accomplish .
habitnow is a great app . well thought out and the colours are good ! no dark mode in free version but i do n't see that as a reason to give less than 5 stars . has helped me to organise aspects of my life .
user friendly . simple but it has all the function i need .
very organized , simple , just what i was looking for in order to keep my daily tasks organized .
perfect app for both making habit and tracking tasks . would be a complete app if they provide sync just only with google account for free .
this app is great for helping to establish new habits and keep you on track with goals and tasks you want to accomplish .
really easy to use . you can go back to catch up on habits you left unfinished for previous days
wish you could enter info/ data in past . i was trying to move from one app to another . i had to take screenshots . great app though especially reminder alarm ! update i can set past start date . thank you !
bought the premium version and now i actually have healthy routines in my life which is a lot for an adult with adhd !
great app as i can have a record of habits i want to instill in my self and daily tasks that need to be done
great app ! been wanting a routine type ap for awhile definitely nice to have for my schedual !
this is the best app i 've ever seen to help with achieving your goals . it 's so awesome and really well set out .
i rarely rate , but this app is awesome . simple habit tracker with backup option and realy neat habit display .
great app . very user-friendly and practical . thanks
i love this app , i tried a lot of apps and choose this because the alarm sound function , if this app can have the challenge friends functions , it will really good more . but for now , everything is perfect .
best app for habits track and tasks i ever used . highly recommend ! easy to use .
really good . i woul like to export my data but other than that , i love it
great app to track habits . helps to keep me motivated .
great app . if you need to keep a list of tasks or develop good habits or stop bad habits this is for you . premium/vip is only $ 4.99 .
my to do list is now perfect . my work has been so clear and my thoughts are well orgonized ! ! ! the best app i have ever worked with : grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes : :clapping_hands : bravo bravo to all the team of habitnow .
nice application easy to track daily activities and also analysis all activities easily
good app it helps me be motivated without hesitation nor procastination . thank you habitnow ! ! ! ! your love , aliff
i have tried already few habit trackers and this one is the best so far . well done and greetings to argentina .
loved it .... awesome for making habbits , best app for monitering ur tasks and daily routine thanks habitnow
it is one of the best apps i 've ever had ! it 's very applicable and useful and also easy to use.i love it . : OK_hand : :red_heart :
if you 're really serious with creating and tracking new habits within your life then this app will be very good for you ...
if you want a digital checklist to keep you on top of your life then this is the app to use !
it 's an amazing app ... it allows you to control all the details .. it helped me a lot : OK_hand_light_skin_tone : :check_mark : :blue_heart : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
finally a habit tracking app that lets me choose the frequency of my goals and habits
helpful .. helped me to stay on top of things . as a mom with school . this app makes stay on top
it really helps me stay organized and keep track of my goals .
i like i can set daily tasks and on going habits . i found this feature useful .
great habit , task and to-do list tracker
first app in ages i paid premium for . it 's actually has made me more productive and is great for balancing life , work and study
a good tool to manage and remind me of my tasks
great app . does exactly what i needed and wanted . simple to use .
this . this is what i was looking for . well worth upgrading to premium .
great app ! ( i might edit this later but i 'm too lazy to go into detail right now )
amazing app would recommend it to anyone just wish it had more icons for activities , does that come with premium too ?
helps keep me on track with setting/establishing new goals
easy to use , free version is enough for my purposes
love at first use , hope this keeps getting much cooler and hope doesnt endup as 30 trial or something : face_with_tears_of_joy : we students cant afford you know : crying_face :
this app is perfect for building habits or even simple reminders . its hard to ignore , best app ive ever had
tried all habit tracker apps , it 's the best one yet . just please add an option to the calendar icon so i can see all the habits & tasks together at the calendar & read their notes or success / failure rate . keep up the good work .
good
great app ! been wanting a routine type ap for awhile definitely nice to have for my schedual !
respected brother very nice app . premium payment must be by other means as well and your contact details .
very useful for keeping myself accountable for daily tasks and goals that i want to accomplish .
this app has a great way to keep up with and manage your life . it keeps me organized and inspired to heal myself daily .
great habit , task and to-do list tracker
excellent if you use it properly . the only thing i would change is the notification and alarms settings . i want notifications to come through even when i 'm not actively looking at the app . right now , i 'm not notified until i open the app and the pop-ups show up .
it is a very nice app , it remixes you and you will never miss any task , it reminds you with alarm or notification , it really helped me .
amazing user intrrface
keeps you on track !
super !
useful to improve like goals
awesome experience
this is a perfect app for tracking and building habits ! : )
so far so good for me .
easy to use and very helpful . i love it !
hi , how can get premium ?
im in love with this app ! simple to use , beautiful layout and keep me on track !
as a teenager , it is very crucial to manage time , habits and tasks.this is one app which allowed me to do so.my saying for this app is that it would control what you do in a day by its limit .
genial aplicacion
at last i get what i want ... thanks ..
honestly great . simple . effective . 1 time purchase . the ui has a sort of dated look but it 's very quick and easy to use . most of my daily habits vary alot based on which day it is , my schedule varies so much i cant put them on a specifik time , and i almost always do them in the same order . therefore there should be an option to change the order of the habits manually , yourself , without any variables . : )
excellent
really simple and good application . good job guys
great simple app . i wish it easily sync 'd across devices . i also would love a calendar view i can see/print so i can visually see my progress over time .
exactly what i was looking for to help establish routines . i like that i can set it to place habits on certain days and do n't manually have to readd them . my only suggestion is to be able to manually sort items
second day of usuing . above my spectation
the developers got back to me within minutes and helped me sort the problem out within a very short period thank you support ! widget was being blocked by battery optimizer . * previous review * paid for premium however the feature to mark complete on the widget is not working . will do 5 star if this can be resolved .
kpai
i love this app it 's very cool . i 'm having fun with it . : smiling_face_with_open_hands :
the best app in the market for improving your daily habits . i researched many habit apps in play store and finally concluded that this is the best one . i changed my self a lot by regulary monitoring my habits through habitnow app . the user interface is superb and quite simple . also it provides habit statistics up to date . you can also enter your habits according to the category like health , nutrition etc .. a must have app for everybody ! !
just started using it . seems to work quite well .
great little app . lovely interface , and does what i need it do by reminding me what tasks/habits i want to do each day . i like the feature where i can see my overall success percentage for each habit .
user friendly . simple but it has all the function i need .
great app . very user-friendly and practical . thanks
awesome . simple and easy to use .
great app works very well it helps alot especially at this time with this pandemic helps to keep everything that you need to keep track of what and where you should be and to keep track of your symptoms and must know information . check this app out .
omg i love this app
good
great easy works fine no problems
updated to 5 stars . disregard previous rating .
one of the best app in play store : purple_heart : :purple_heart : :purple_heart :
i like this app
one of the best apps ever for time management !
the app is great . but i can not purchase premium version . it says that can not connect to internet and my internet is working ... so i can not use all advantages of this app unfortunately ...
amazing
best habit app i have tried , love the flexibility , task list and look . good job !
loved it .... awesome for making habbits , best app for monitering ur tasks and daily routine thanks habitnow
great , maybe best app for daily routine and habbits . please , add repeating tasks .
awesome app . i now remember to take my medication , drink my water , and have my to do list . it has been extremely helpful and productive .
really easy to use . you can go back to catch up on habits you left unfinished for previous days
love the simplicity and design
wow i just love the app it 's so helpful .
i am really enjoying this app so far ! it 's just what i was looking for to keep myself on a routine . and the price is great !
i rarely rate , but this app is awesome . simple habit tracker with backup option and realy neat habit display .
does exactly what i need it to do . you can see habit streaks , daily reminders for habits that day , percentage of habits completed .
very useful app for many thing to avoid bad habits : smiling_face_with_open_hands : :smiling_face_with_open_hands :
great job
i 'm trying to develop some healthy habits , and this app is very good at reminding me to do things . the only complaint i have is that you ca n't actually organize your tasks and habits . i try to organize them by time and they do n't move . i have a habit for 12pm listed after one for 3am , which is preceded by 4pm . this is very frustrating when you want to look at things in order . that 's why i 'm docking 1 : star : . i like the function of it and i like the widget . update : 1 : star : restored- thank you for helping !
amazing app ~thank you
this app really helps keeping yorself in tact
such an awesome and amazing aap .... it forced me to install it again ... i wish it had 10 stars .... : hundred_points : :hundred_points : :hundred_points : :hundred_points : :hundred_points : :hundred_points : :hundred_points : it 's truly awesome ... very helpful and very admiring . thanks to the creator of this app .... i 'm able to do my schedule daily on time and yes i 'm becoming more organized .... thank u : grinning_face_with_big_eyes : :grinning_face_with_big_eyes :
this app is great for helping to establish new habits and keep you on track with goals and tasks you want to accomplish .
has helped me stay accountable and prioritize things that i really want to do !
i love this app so much it has really helped me get into a morning and night time routine . before i found this app i was always late for school and felt really unhealthy in myself . but now i 'm i 'm always early for school and make sure i wake up every morning at the right time thank you to this app so much
very good app
i got this app to track my medication and it 's perfect ! i can set up how i want to take each medicine ( yes/no or quantity ) , see the start date and adherence in the summary view , and even track side effects and effectiveness each day then see them in a chronological list in the sunmary . and the best part is that it 's not tied to some medical database ! added bonus : i can track real to-dos as well . overall , love this app !
if you want a digital checklist to keep you on top of your life then this is the app to use !
functional , does everything i want it to do , versatile and allows for both habits and one-off tasks . the only improvement i want to make is changing the colours of the completion status icons .
such a amazing app . keep track of ur life .
i love this app , is very simple to use , yoh can set the time for reminders . is not annoying and i totally recommend to use it . the only thing i would like to improve , is to put first the task you havend comple .
a good tool to manage and remind me of my tasks
good
i am really appreciating these reminders and the ability to track my progress ! ! ! it has a lot of customizable options and it is easy to use . highly recommend
i 've been using this app for a week and so far it is great ! it has really helped me hold myself accountable for habits that i want to break or start . way better than i thought . i never end up liking self help apps . i also never write reviews . give the one a chance .
wonderful app : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
great app for tracking habits .
very nice app .
this app is outstanding ! i love dark mode so i upgraded to premium & it 's 100 % worth it . excellent app . great to organize & motivate yourself . thank you
helpful app
good app it helps me be motivated without hesitation nor procastination . thank you habitnow ! ! ! ! your love , aliff
if you 're really serious with creating and tracking new habits within your life then this app will be very good for you ...
great to help habits & nip them before they ruin your life .
it really helps me stay organized and keep track of my goals .
my skin is clear , my crops are watered , and i am truly living my best life . i do n't think i could recommend this app enough
very good . considering going premium .
really good app and well built with nice user interface . they also have good customer service and they replyed quickly to my earlier review where i was experiencing a problem at first .
great habit tracking app . very clean and simple interface . fantastically elegant design . other habit tracking apps are not as user friendly . i contacted the developers on a couple of concerns i had and they were already working on these features to be added in future updates .
it 's perfect . i 've made excellent progress on my newly formed habits and i meet every task , thanks to this app .
love this ! ! ! a simple easy way to keep me on track during the day ! !
big like
this app is exactly what i need to to be . it helps me keep track of the habits i 'm trying to establish without being too intrusive . i 've already recommended it to a number of my friends .
awesome app with good ui . i recommend everyone to use it .
best app for habits track and tasks i ever used . highly recommend ! easy to use .
i ca n't say enough good things about the app and the dev and support teams . super stable , lots of great features , and the most responsive support team i 've worked with personally or professionally . invest in this app ! you 'll love it and you 'll support a company that is doing app development right .
just woww ! ! !
this app is working really well for me . definitely helping me stay on track with habits i 'm working to build and stop !
this is terrible compared to wunderlist . i use wunderlist to sync my family 's repeating chores . i was used to clicking 'today ' and having everything there and in folders that needed to be done past and present . now i have to choose what i do everyday ! also if i skip a task and want to reset it to today so it can repeat in 2 weeks it retains the day so repeats in less than two weeks . and the folders ? what 's the point in having folders if you ca n't sort by them in any list ? is there an alternative ?
the app looks nice , but being forced to move over from wunderlist , the import data functionality only working after the 5th try ( after two weeks ) and the web version literally becoming unresponsive when i load it , tells me this app is not in any way finished or ready to be used . i do n't trust it to not lose my data , so i ca n't use it . thankfully , other apps can import from wunderlist as well ...
this app is terrible compared to wunderlist especially if you like the functionality to share a list with another . we can not seem to get the shareable feature to work . additionally , even though i 'm logged in with the same account on my laptop and phone. , it does n't sync lists . new items are added to the bottom of a list instead of the top . microsoft has a lot of work to do to get this where it needs to be .
when microsoft announced they were killing wunderlist , my expectations for the new thing were soooo low . i was spot on . bloody hell its it 's awful . look how wunderlist works . 1. new items are added to the top 2. completed items are struck through _and_ moved to the bottom , and remain in completed order . 3. highlighted items are bounced to the top , which can then be un-highlighted . 4. items with low importance remain at the end . with _long_ lists old un-completed or permanent items migrate to the end of the list . try a usability test with long lists .
be very careful . this syncs with your tasks in outlook . at first that sounds great , until you find out that if you use any feature of outlook that is n't in this app ( regenerating tasks after completion for example ) , your tasks are overwritten in outlook with ones compatible with this app , resulting in loss of things like due dates . i lost all my regenerating tasks , replaced by occurring tasks instead , causing so many items to be late . if you use any kind of advanced outlook tasks , do n't use .
horrible ! so many steps ! ... set a due date , set a reminder , set it to display in my day . the reminder set screen is 2 different screens for date/time . the my day section is the only way you can organize by reminder time for scheduling purposes . once it 's in my day you must manually move the items in time sequence . takes up way too much time to organize your day ! importing did not work after several attempts . the setting reset themselves to default after i set them .
as a long time user of wunderlist , this new replacement fails at the single most important thing next to holding taks : remind the user of said tasks . if a task comes up as due , i expect it to stay in notifications until i clear the task . instead , to do decided there 's a time limit on how long a reminder stays on your notifications which means it is n't reminding you anymore which forces you to remember to open the app to see your tasks . this completely defeats the purpose of a reminder .
was forced to migrate from wunderlist . my husband and i both used wunderlist extensively - sharing and updating lists . when we were force to migrate over , it migrated everything except the lists were not shared anymore . so when i updated my list , it does not update his list . i reshaped that list and it created a duplicate list for him . this is extremely annoying because we have to reshare everything .
this is my first time giving a review on any app i 've downloaded . this app is a huge downgrade from the now defunct wunderlist . the fact that you need to use a microsoft account is annoying but to add insult to injury you ca n't even share the lists normally with people `` outside your organisation '' ( what ever that means ) so now all i have is a glorified sticky note ... i mean had , i 'm erasing this app the second i finish this review .
real hassle to set up with synchronization with others . i can not work out what the small red number on the icon relates to and can not get rid of it , with wunderlist it related to completed tasks and once these were viewed the number disappeared . i much preferred wunderlist which worked fine . why wo n't microsoft leave well alone ? i do not need this app to run my life , just keep lists which can be mine or shared .
terrible , wunderlist worked well , nothing seems to work now , transitioning was not easy , i had to set up an account i do n't want and do n't need . i am not happy , microsoft has not done well with making things user-friendly for some time now , i would n't be surprised if they do n't start stealing everyone 's information and using it without `` consent '' like apple does . oh wait , i ca n't tell the difference between any of these companies now , and i am pretty sure they all do that and do n't care ! gfy !
bad transfer from wunderlist . resharing lists is time consuming . order of items on lists is not preserved . looks like it at first until you add something to a list and then it appears at the end/bottom of the list not at the top . must then sort by order of creation date which throws everything out of wack if you had items ordered by importance or any other custom order .
wunderlist is way better and simpler . why is this so complicated ? ? ? i dont need another complicated app to update that is hard to read . just copy wunderlist exactly . i dont need 4 categories ( my day , tasks , etc. ) . all i want is one area to see all things due today or overdue not a bunch of extra list to sort through .
i almost never leave reviews but for this transition i have to make an exception . wunderlist has been my most frequently used app , being in daily use to manage my busy days . the todo version is hopeless to use . i like to use a weekly list which no longer exists . it 's replacement does not allow drag and drop to different days . worse , if you manually change the date of a task it does n't move to the new day . it remains in the original day with a completion different date . must be fixed !
wunderlist was better . microsoft bought it and killed it . first , microsoft forced me to switch apps . now i have to have two accounts since i have lists at both home and work that i share with others . pretty dumb . otherwise , the app is wunderlist . waste of time to have to redo everything .
can you make it exactly like wunderlist , i work every day with wunderlist and 'to do ' momentarily does n't help my needs ! ! ! four example , when a chose to have a list for today , i have to drag them from bottom to up , they do n't go themselves , and when i click something , finish , it still stay there , there is no delimitation line ! if you will do all of this later , than i retrieve my word , till then you should let wunderlist open.thank you .
i have hope that this app will get a lot closer to the superior wunderlist so i 'll change my review when it does , but for now here are my biggest concerns : i really do n't like how 'my day ' does n't automatically include things due 'today ' . also when moving a task to a list it 's annoying because the lists are not shown under their folders . i 'd also like to see a 'my week feature ' . also two lists ca n't have the same name even though i have them in different folders .
not impressed considering the size of the owner . loses entire days worth of data if refreshed as prompted to `` apply update '' . shows lists differently on mobile app . ca n't order some lists . painfully slow to sync between devices when compared to any checklist app available . annoyed since i switched from wunderlist when microsoft started ruining it .
i had to migrate from wunderlist and i mentioned a couple of compromises that had to be made due to less functionality . anyway today i discover that you can not print or email your lists . surely those are basic requirements . this should have been thought out and a replacement system should at least be on par with the system its replacing
i like what its trying to do and want to use it , but it 's missing a few things . to-do does n't support formatting at all ( mobile or pc ) , and any formatting you do in outlook is erased and spacing is messed up . to-do has the ability to create subtasks but does n't translate over to outlook . the to-do app on pc does n't allow you to enlarge the task/note window so your forced to type in this little box on the side of the window . please fix these ! !
for years we used wunderlist , for work , including employees without corporate accounts , for family , outside organisation and across continents . todo failed from the get go , but to be fair , so do most other tasklist apps , we tried many . we finally moved to trello - a bit different to wunderlist and not quite as intuitive , but works across platforms , across organisations . it sadly seems ms loves to destroy good things . wunderlist was such a good product , we were really sad to see it go .
wunderlist was better ! ! please change the ui back to wlist style which makes it easier to read . for example do n't have completed and non completed tasks right next to each other in a list . also comments needs to be separated automatically with a date specified that states which date that comment was added and by who
very sad story of being wunderlist ancestor . missing drag and drop missing ux at all missing ease of using creating of new task requires your full attention for several painful seconds . app that was meant to make your life easy is now just some list that force me to write my tasks on paper again after few years of using wunderlist , because paper has much better ux than this one .
i do n't like that i was able to link my account through wunderlist and my gmail but my husband is being promoted to create a microsoft account to have access . if i am going to have to create a microsoft account , i will be deleting this app . i do n't want/need another account to manage . wunderlist was much better .
any microsoft product should have zero stars available . i can not say strongly enough , if you love crashes , frustration and impossibly awful software . . . then get this app . imports from wunderlist do not stay put , they disappeared . shared lists are now two different lists with the same name . one version shows only completed tasks , my fone shows incomplete . thanks bill for your 100 % record of ruining everything you buy . oh and 4.5 stars out of five ? ? i call bs . look at the reviews .
does not import from wunderlist . very disappointed with having to switch . we 've been using wunderlist for some time and it 's been great and without issues . now we 're forced to switch over and when i follow the instructions , keep getting the 'nothing to import message ' . this is very frustrating . developers please fix asap !
wunderlist was just fine . why the same in a new jacket done worse . just because it has to be microsoft ? microsoft , stop trying to be what others do better . edge , why ? bing , why ? buy a good working app and make it worse , again . why ? as a ux designer to ms business : stop trying to outperform others who already are market leaders . start finding new solutions for new user problems and be the market leader there . if not , a google will outperform you , because they understand user problems better .
tells me it ca n't import all my data and to retry . but when i retry , it tells me everything is up to date and there 's nothing to import ! of course the one list that 's missing is the only one that 's important ... i 'll be trying another app , thanks but no thanks .
microsoft bought an already mature application , spent 4 years working on it , and this is all they have to show for it ? ? ? perhaps they could add more technical resources to support the 2 high school students that currently support this product . poorly integrated with outlook . simple ... too simple . has very few features or functionality .
i hate it ! i loved wunnderlist , it was just perfect . why did you guys have to change what was great ? ? ? this new app is so unclear , things do n't stand out the way they did . i imported all my info from wunderlist and it is all messed up . i will be looking for another app and give up on you asap !
uselss . forced here from wunderlist closing , my whole family used that , now all our lists are different , doesnt sync accross shared lists , defeats the purpose altogether . also a more contrived interface , im now off searching for a better alternative to start all over again as this ai n't it .
from the terrible microsoft design to the fact of missing crucial features , especially in comparison to wunderlist , and the fact that microsoft only bought wunderlist to shut it down ... this piece of software actually had to overwhelm people to overcome the unfriendly microsoft strategy , but here we are , letting us all down . go to ticktick or smth else . microsoft does not deserve our attention on this one : (
loved wunderlist , was excited about the over all design and compatibility with microsoft now in charge . unfortunately i have n't been able to join any lists or have anyone join my lists . which is the entire point of this app for me ... hope to see this fixed ...
i wanted to delete one item , pressed a millimetre too low , the whole list is gone . about a hundred items lost . this alone makes the whole app unusable for me . months later : still this same fatal flaw . seems like ms have no interest in improving this app , sadly
forced to migrate from wunderlist . why ca n't the developers just keep basic features such as adding an item to the top of the list ? ( instead of bottom ) i also miss the today view where tasks are organised by category instead of date . urgh .. going to look for another app . sorry microsoft , you ruined the app for me .
i 've been told that wunderlist is being replaced by microsoft to do . what a sad replacement ! why on earth are they mucking up a great product for this ? the whole look and feel of the app is terrible . the functioning of the app has changed too . good bye from a long standing user .
switched from wunderlist and the widget will occasionally not load the contents . sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . very frustrating to use . wunderlist never had any of these problems .
add a way to change the color scheme of the app . blue on white is one of the most difficult colour sets to see . you bought wunderlist , and are making everyone change over to it . at least give us the option to reskin the app .
wunderlist was better . shared my list with my husband and it wo n't sync or show up when one of us changes something . it shows us both on the list but when he deleted an item , it did n't show as deleted on mine after refreshing five times .
i was not planning to give a review but it left me no choice since its replacing wunderlist which is very useful app which my wife and i love especially for our grocery lists , now this to do tries to replace it but ca n't even get it to work properly ! ! ! if i can give zero star , i would ! ! !
tried to share a list with my girlfriend who has a personal microsoft account and i have an office 365 account . ca n't do it ... need to have two personal accounts or be in the same organization . bring back wunderlist or similar functionality .
it just does n't work . my family used wunderlist for years . ms bought them . this app wo n't sync between users , tells me i 'm offline ( i 'm not ) and lost my existing lists . i 'm going elsewhere .
was forced to be transferred here to wunderlist , everything is ok but guys can you create few background themes at least , cuz it 's annoying to look at white and black to do list ..... like wunderlist had some cool pictures in it . you do n't ....
this app is a piece of sh * * . it wo n't sync my old wunderlists . shared lists do n't work . i 'll be uninstalling and going with a different app . thanks microsoft for taking a fantastic app ( wunderlist ) and ruining it .
you ca n't choose week starts day . calendar is a basis . additional customization looks reasonable . moreover , ms support marked this request as `` in progress '' . but 2 ! ! ! years ago . is it a joke ?
this is awful ! ! bring back wunderlist ! you cant move your list around to the you want , this is beyond frustrating . not happy you are forcing us to stop wunderlist will have to investigate else where for a better list app .
sync is broken ! we have been using for a year or so . now sync between two people simply does n't work . microsoft have destroyed a great app ! what did you do ? it worked perfectly before !
please delay shutting down wunderlist . those who most rely on task lists can not deal with a switch during this global crisis . especially since to do is still lacking important features and sync and sharing are inconsistent .
`` sorry , no more wunderlist . looks like you 're just going to have to switch over to this new platform that demands a microsoft account : woman_shrugging : '' like seriously who tf actually wants to use a microsoft account ? ? especially on mobile . screw you guys !
way worse than wunderlist . they overcomplicated the interface and they got rid of the ability to type things such as `` get groceries tomorrow '' and have it automatically detect the due date . nice job ...
poor replacement for wunderlist . so many features missing , my day is n't something everyone wants but ca n't turn off . ca n't reorder my lists manually . will use different app when microsoft kill wunderlist !
it took me a while to login because of terrible security checking . and after it suggested to migrate all the data from wunderlist without option to cancel . terrible beginning .
terrible . wo n't sync , utterly disastrous transfer from wunderlist . gutted that wunderlist is going and being replaced by something so inferior . will have to look for a new list app now : - (
lots of bugs . no support ca n't share like wunderlist . do n't open an app that 's not ready . terrible microsoft quit buying good apps and ruining them and taking the support away .
can not import wunderlist tasks . it simply says `` gathering info . this might take a minute '' then `` it looks like there were no new updates since your last import . ''
not able to add people to my lists as they were on wunderlist .... have invited multiple times and after they click on the share link ... nothing happens . lists not updating .... why did you mess with it ?
one star only because the checklist item has way too big paddings thus i can see 30-40 % less items on a screen than in wunderlist . microsoft ux team , how could you make such a huge design mistake ?
widget is mostly useless - it constantly displays no items while having a list selected that is well populated . alternately , the widget becomes logged out somehow . hope this gets fixed .
this app keeps on signing me out and asking for my password , and then when i put it in it says it 's wrong ! wunderlist was so much better !
i could n't even sign with android , it kept saying the password is wrong , i ended up changing the password and still did n't login ! wasted an hour .
i have never been delighted by a microsoft app , and this is no different . a simple to do list app , and i must have a microsoft account ? ? ? no thanks , good luck .
terrible ! i am missing wunderlist . after importing our tasks everything got mixed and doubled . shared people and list.owners mixed/double . blame on your engineering and programming . i̇ will miss my lovely wunderlist
no replacement for wunderlist , tasks are only getting added on the bottom of the list ... completely useless ... update : still not fixed even so many people complain .
complete dumpster for here ! migrating from wonderlist ... we sync between two phones . the list did not completely sync , you have to share each list seperatly , updates to a list did not sync , the app keeps telling me things are being checked and unchecked , i left the shared list and tried to rejoin and it would not rejoin . microsoft ruined a great simple app . look elsewhere until this is fixed .
i am a loyal user of wunderlist . switching to to do is awful . could not function at all . for instance no list for today and week . i guess i have to find another app .
i ca n't share my lists with my partner because i 'm told i 'm using a work or school account , but i 'm not . no such problem on wunderlist .
really frustrating experience . the list sharing is incredibly frustrating . my wife and i were on several lists together on wunderlist and when we transfered to this new app , we had to text message the lists we shared . she shared some of the same lists with me and now we have duplicate lists . it 's completely fubar . we are abandoning the platform now to find something better .
i give it one star because the main feature is broken for me . i set pill reminders on daily cycle but it misses the notification sometimes . i tried adding the app to not optimized battery but it still misses reminders
this app would get 5 stars as it is great for capturing and managing tasks . however due to major flaw it gets 1 star . i have accidentally deleted long detailed lists when trying to delete a task , and there is no deleted item recovery feature which means i have lost work . the notification feature does not clearly differentiate between task list and task allows this to happen . if fixed , this would be a fantastic app , but these flaws means using this app results in rework and frustration for now .
forced to migrate from wunderlist . i am very disappointed that basic features are missing here : new items to the top of the list ( so they do n't get lost in long lists ) and starred items to the top of the list ( easy way to prioritize and rearrange ) . without these features , for me the app is unusable . currently looking for a suitable replacement
my prior app isnt any more and they automatically imported all content into this one . the most annoying part is that each item now adds to the bottom of the list , instead of the beginning , i need to fiddle with sorting on each list to fix this and the sorting takes space on the screen ! waste of time each time !
went to migrate wunderlist to the new `` to do '' and it just wiped all my info clean . i lost everything in wunderlist and none of it made it to the new to do app . hmm ...
forced to move from the fantastic wunderlist . import fails . that 's an import of 100 pieces of text on a modern mobile phone . pitiful .
microsoft did what it does best . acquired a perfectly good app and replaced it with junk that does n't even login . wish it had google sign in .
account gets blocked after 1 day . happened twice with different mail addresses . only possibility to solve is to give the mobile phone number . wo n't do that : (
since microsoft have taken over it is rubbish . we had wonderlist on 3 devices and to do wont even sync the 3 devices the same . time to look for a new app
i like wunderlist more . the widget was more clear and date of not completed tasks had red color , which was for me visually much better . also i just choose to see on widget `` today '' and automatically everyday my chores were added from all lists . ehhh why the good things must end . not happy at all , i hope my old wunderlist will work .
latest update broke sync and my lists are all out of whack . i live and die by my to do lists so this has completely ruined my workflow .
ca n't add new tasks to top of list ? ? clearly no one in microsoft actually use to do . if you did , you 'd know that this is an extremely important and basic feature . otherwise you add a task and it disappear to the end . i do n't believe one can efficiently use a to do list without this feature .
it does not transfer files from wunderlist . the status is always `` importing from wunderlist '' but nothing happens .
in microsoft todo , there is no such option like in wunderlist to comment on assigned task with others and others can get notification on their mail , kindly add the feature if possible
new entries need to go to the top of a list , with ir without a star . still not an improvement over wunderlist .
worst app every . ca n't share lists which was the whole point . wunderlist was great , this new app is terrible . looking for another one now .. ughhhhhhh
keeps saying something wrong with my microsoft account . this really sucks . wunderlist was so easy .
terrible ! i 've had to move from wunderlist and the syncing does n't work , which is so important for me . also ca n't set it to add items to the top of the list . have to scroll aaaallll the way to the bottom to have to find item and move it to correct location .
app is a pain to sync . not user friendly in this regard . used wunderlist for years then ms took them over and ruined it .
i have wunderlist synced with my gmail account . can someone explain me how to transfer my lists to this app without having to create or use a microsoft account ? or is simply that i 'm forced to loose all my list ?
could be as good as wunderlist was , but please change the new tasks to appear at the top of the lists !
ca n't contact support . software erases or moves things without my wanting this . no instructions , no labels on controls , it is more frustration than anything
when i star the item from the widget it does n't move it to the top automatically . i have to manually open the app and move around order . defeats the purpose of a widget .
wow what a truly appauling downgrade from wunderlist . cant give same top access to users , doesnt update well . i hate it and will look for an alternative
mar 2020 : very , very disappointing . looking elsewhere . before : a move forward from wunderlist ? not ! ms made sure the ui looked different ( with useless themes ) and dropped wunderlist functionality like 1 ) email delivery ( marked stuff in outlook is useless to people that do n't use it ) , 2 ) no way to add tasks by widget/notifications , 3 ) marking a task with a star does n't move it to the top , 4 ) `` my day '' shows up rather than a task list . 5 ) ... ( out of review space ) i detest `` progress '' that is n't .
ex happy wunderlist user , disgruntled with this half-baked attempt . most of the fine details that made wunderlist great were omitted ( with an option to include them at some vague point in the future ) , interface does look cleaner but there are fewer details that help tasks being organized visually . for a standalone app it would deserve a 3 star . for an app that is supposed to replace wunderlist it would get a 2 star . for an app that tries to get users by killing it 's better competitor , even a 1 star is too much .
i love wunderlist ! unfortunately it will disappear in may 2020 and be replaced by this app . me and my husband have installed the new app , imported all our lists from wunderlist but we can not share any of them , not even the ones that we previously shared in wunderlist . i hope they will fix the problem until may .
wunderlist is the best for me . if you would like to change wunderlist to be microsoft to do , please take all wunderlist 's features . in this app you do n't take 3 features that important things for me . 1. login using un microsoft account . 2 . `` all '' task menu 3. comment feature on each list ( this point so make me happy . it used for list that i shared with another person and want to share the actual condition with a comment . please enhance this app and i will change my rate to 5 star . thank you : )
please bring back wunderlist . the problem with to do is that it 's acting as a calendar app which i already have . i do n't need daily tasks , reminders , add a date , etc . that 's all wasted space for me but i ca n't get rid of it . i make lists with sub files of all kinds of info to keep at my fingertips ( literally : ) that 's what makes wunderlist so terrific .
awful . i ca n't believe microsoft killed off wunderlist and is forcing people to use this slow , ugly pos or lose their data . that 's microsoft for you !
1 star bc i was forced to change apps yet there are no meaningful improvements from wunderlist but boy are there downgrades ! harder to share lists with my husband , syncing is spotty , did n't improve the calendar view to let you see your schedule , the my day only allows you to manually add one task at a time by opening each task and moving it . i have to manually add it if it 's due `` today '' ? ! this is a huge flop ! killed wunderlist and now i have to pay for a different app that actually works
not user friendly ... wunderlist was much better . i have several different lists and liked the `` all '' view from wunderlist where i could see all the different tasks from all of my lists on one screen and i could easily move tasks between different lists . now there is no `` all '' view and i have to open each individual list separately and go back and forth to see everything ... i also ca n't move a task to another list . i 'd have to open one list and copy the text then open the other list and paste ...
after 3 years , still does not sync with office 365 business accounts .
not at all good experience with this app ... not easy to use at all : thumbs_down :
forced to sign in ? no thanks !
worse than wunderlist . also , i have no interest in having to log into a microsoft account to use this account . i 'll look for an alternative .
i find it a good application but i find the microsoft service very bad , accounts are a problem and a mess always crashes without reason , so stop using email , now with this application i only opened it once and it already tells me that account is locked : enraged_face : . i will definitely not use any of their products again . and they do not even give any technical service the attention to users is terrible , i do not recommend microsoft products .
it tells you your own account has a problem and does n't let you sign in . it does n't even accept your phone number which is just plain stupid
this is a poor imitation of wunderlist , not even missing the features that made wunderlist a killer app , but then soon be bad design choices were made in the port . why do you have to scroll to the bottom to add items ? why is there no api to tie into ? thoroughly disappointed .
wth ? ! i used wunderlist happily for , oh , about 7 years ! complete bs ! they make you sign in to an acct to use this . i will not be forced to sign in so all my personal info is linked with all my private grocery and to-do list . microsoft has enough of my info and i have been less than happy with the invasion of cortana on my laptop . ms help is the worst ( besides google ) . so why would i want this co. storing this level of my personal life in their database ? f no ! deleting this app immediately .
has less features than wunderlist , a more complicated ux , and is tied to a microsoft account . enjoy the crappy spyware folks !
this app is supposed to replace wunderlist . this app requires you to have an outlook account . ok , fine . it is not easy to invite others , not user friendly , always logs out , and requires you ok sign into account.live . will not recommend at this time .
basic functionality of wunderlist still missing
i hate this app . shared lists are n't shared unless you send an invitation everytime you update the list . i want my wunderlist back !
trash app . this is a great example of microsoft buys companies and gutting their usefulness . overloaded with features that are unreliable and useless .
i never leave reviews . i was so disappointed when i heard microsoft was killing the wunderlist app . why not just copy the functionality of wunderlist exactly . they had the formula right . it was simple and easy to use . everything microsoft is doing is so clunky .
i can not log in my microsoft-account . the app shows a message - `` your password is not correct '' . but i can log in my account using the pc-version of the app . how to solve this problem ?
please fix dark mode !
buggy . flickers and wo n't let me scroll to bottom or wo n't let me select . i want wunderlist back ! it was perfect !
i can not imagine how an app managing the same tasks with outlook for desktop , is not connecting with it at all . you can not see categories that you set in outlook ! if you really want a similar to outlook app then see tasks & notes
this app is a very very poor replacement for wunderlist , which is a wonderfully organized app . wonderlist should never be taken out of the app market ! in my opinion , it 's the microsoft app that should disappear on may 6 , not wunderlist ! wunderlist has a 4.6 approval rating ; microsoft has a 4.2 rating . that should tell you something . it took an act of god for my microsoft account to get up and running . it was locked and i was forced to jump through several hoops . ridiculous !
i ca n't share my lists with my partner because i 'm told i 'm using a work or school account , but i 'm not . no such problem on wunderlist .
not getting notifications
way to screw up a great app , microsoft .
set up was easy then we could not connect after a week . reinstalled 3 times , terrible app
app signed me out and refuses to take my password . after resetting my password i log in and then they tell me there is a problem with my account and to go online to the website . not user friendly and quite frankly annoying .
upgraded from wunderlist and lost the ability to reorder tasks within a single day once it is ordered by date . very disappointed .
harus memasang kembali widget setelah memulai ulang agar data muncul . sesuatu yang mendasar namun tidak ada di aplikasi ini .
notifications and reminders doesnt work
mainly reminder function not working properly
guys , where is the option to record a voice note like winderlist or add file , oooh are you serious you forgot this significant option
i was not planning to give a review but it left me no choice since its replacing wunderlist which is very useful app which my wife and i love especially for our grocery lists , now this to do tries to replace it but ca n't even get it to work properly ! ! ! if i can give zero star , i would ! ! !
real hassle to set up with synchronization with others . i can not work out what the small red number on the icon relates to and can not get rid of it , with wunderlist it related to completed tasks and once these were viewed the number disappeared . i much preferred wunderlist which worked fine . why wo n't microsoft leave well alone ? i do not need this app to run my life , just keep lists which can be mine or shared .
annoying app , i am back to wunderlist
wunderlist was awesome , this replacement works slow with terrible ui and missing features from original app
was working fine , until recently where all of my reminders are triggering a day early .
as a long time user of wunderlist , this new replacement fails at the single most important thing next to holding taks : remind the user of said tasks . if a task comes up as due , i expect it to stay in notifications until i clear the task . instead , to do decided there 's a time limit on how long a reminder stays on your notifications which means it is n't reminding you anymore which forces you to remember to open the app to see your tasks . this completely defeats the purpose of a reminder .
can not drag and drop the task . too bad .
i have 10 notifications on my home screen and no clue what they are for or how to find out .
this app sucks and will never let me , or the people i want to share the list with , log in . trash replacement for wunderlist .
please work on the navigation bar colour across the app on android 10 , and make the status bar completely transparent just like on ios
ticktick is much better .
very glitchy . never even got to use the app because it constantly crashed and said it had connection issues .
not impressed considering the size of the owner . loses entire days worth of data if refreshed as prompted to `` apply update '' . shows lists differently on mobile app . ca n't order some lists . painfully slow to sync between devices when compared to any checklist app available . annoyed since i switched from wunderlist when microsoft started ruining it .
i wish i could keep using wunderlist . disappointed with this app , but it has gotten better .
wunderlist was better . shared my list with my husband and it wo n't sync or show up when one of us changes something . it shows us both on the list but when he deleted an item , it did n't show as deleted on mine after refreshing five times .
ca n't share lists with other people . garbage app that is much worse than wunderlist .
app is a pain to sync . not user friendly in this regard . used wunderlist for years then ms took them over and ruined it .
ca n't contact support . software erases or moves things without my wanting this . no instructions , no labels on controls , it is more frustration than anything
very sad story of being wunderlist ancestor . missing drag and drop missing ux at all missing ease of using creating of new task requires your full attention for several painful seconds . app that was meant to make your life easy is now just some list that force me to write my tasks on paper again after few years of using wunderlist , because paper has much better ux than this one .
muito bom
for today bottom sheet keeps coming and going in a loop
fit for nothing app
have been using wunderlist for years and it works perfectly well . forget this your app , rename wunderlist and continue with it . simple .
unable to open this damn thing
wo n't sync with microsoft todo in the office which is what i most need .
the app looks nice , but being forced to move over from wunderlist , the import data functionality only working after the 5th try ( after two weeks ) and the web version literally becoming unresponsive when i load it , tells me this app is not in any way finished or ready to be used . i do n't trust it to not lose my data , so i ca n't use it . thankfully , other apps can import from wunderlist as well ...
hate it . the original app was perfect for my needs . this is a complicated mess . searching now for a different solution .
terrible ! i am missing wunderlist . after importing our tasks everything got mixed and doubled . shared people and list.owners mixed/double . blame on your engineering and programming . i̇ will miss my lovely wunderlist
wunderlist was just fine . why the same in a new jacket done worse . just because it has to be microsoft ? microsoft , stop trying to be what others do better . edge , why ? bing , why ? buy a good working app and make it worse , again . why ? as a ux designer to ms business : stop trying to outperform others who already are market leaders . start finding new solutions for new user problems and be the market leader there . if not , a google will outperform you , because they understand user problems better .
sign in problems did n't even let me use it .
in microsoft todo , there is no such option like in wunderlist to comment on assigned task with others and others can get notification on their mail , kindly add the feature if possible
this app is lacking any functionality . i can use my google calendar and get better task organization that this weak app . does n't even show all of your tasks and if you change a time it wo n't changebit for all the recurring tasks .
this sucks . i want wunderlist back .
i wanted to delete one item , pressed a millimetre too low , the whole list is gone . about a hundred items lost . this alone makes the whole app unusable for me . months later : still this same fatal flaw . seems like ms have no interest in improving this app , sadly
i could n't even sign with android , it kept saying the password is wrong , i ended up changing the password and still did n't login ! wasted an hour .
screw you m $ uninstalled
could be as good as wunderlist was , but please change the new tasks to appear at the top of the lists !
forcing to open microsoft account even when we are providing mobile number or another email account i do n't understand if it is very good app and useful then i will open account
wow what a truly appauling downgrade from wunderlist . cant give same top access to users , doesnt update well . i hate it and will look for an alternative
very bad transitioning from wunderlist , ca n't invite others , several error messages .
i have hope that this app will get a lot closer to the superior wunderlist so i 'll change my review when it does , but for now here are my biggest concerns : i really do n't like how 'my day ' does n't automatically include things due 'today ' . also when moving a task to a list it 's annoying because the lists are not shown under their folders . i 'd also like to see a 'my week feature ' . also two lists ca n't have the same name even though i have them in different folders .
me in the future - please do n't install it it 's too complex
this is my first time giving a review on any app i 've downloaded . this app is a huge downgrade from the now defunct wunderlist . the fact that you need to use a microsoft account is annoying but to add insult to injury you ca n't even share the lists normally with people `` outside your organisation '' ( what ever that means ) so now all i have is a glorified sticky note ... i mean had , i 'm erasing this app the second i finish this review .
for years we used wunderlist , for work , including employees without corporate accounts , for family , outside organisation and across continents . todo failed from the get go , but to be fair , so do most other tasklist apps , we tried many . we finally moved to trello - a bit different to wunderlist and not quite as intuitive , but works across platforms , across organisations . it sadly seems ms loves to destroy good things . wunderlist was such a good product , we were really sad to see it go .
horrible this stupid thing will not let me log in
forced to move from the fantastic wunderlist . import fails . that 's an import of 100 pieces of text on a modern mobile phone . pitiful .
you guys bought wunderlist and i changed to todo . why are killing a great app , like wunderlist , and replacing it with an unacceptable alternative ? ! ? ! you have fallen short . i can not invite anyone to share lists . i have been very patient while you fix the invitation aspect but after months i am looking for a replacement to wunderlist , which i understand you will kill in april , as well as todo .
wunderlist was better . microsoft bought it and killed it . first , microsoft forced me to switch apps . now i have to have two accounts since i have lists at both home and work that i share with others . pretty dumb . otherwise , the app is wunderlist . waste of time to have to redo everything .
sync problems
wunderlist better format more user friendly .
one star only because the checklist item has way too big paddings thus i can see 30-40 % less items on a screen than in wunderlist . microsoft ux team , how could you make such a huge design mistake ?
microsoft took a well . designed application and made it practically useless .
sucks . sounds good but cant share it with my wife ? ? ?
cant share this list with others
i ca n't import anything from wunderlist via my ( android ) phone , and ca n't even download it on my ( mac ) comp ... so far very useless
ca n't import data from wunderlist ? ? that 's the whole reason you made everyone download this app . if you ca n't fix this most basic function , why should i use your app ?
since microsoft have taken over it is rubbish . we had wonderlist on 3 devices and to do wont even sync the 3 devices the same . time to look for a new app
unable to import wunderlist data , says nothing to import ...
هذا التطبيق ما يسهلك التسجيل : thumbs_down : :thumbs_down : :thumbs_down :
tells me it ca n't import all my data and to retry . but when i retry , it tells me everything is up to date and there 's nothing to import ! of course the one list that 's missing is the only one that 's important ... i 'll be trying another app , thanks but no thanks .
microsoft bought an already mature application , spent 4 years working on it , and this is all they have to show for it ? ? ? perhaps they could add more technical resources to support the 2 high school students that currently support this product . poorly integrated with outlook . simple ... too simple . has very few features or functionality .
this is awful ! ! bring back wunderlist ! you cant move your list around to the you want , this is beyond frustrating . not happy you are forcing us to stop wunderlist will have to investigate else where for a better list app .
poor replacement for wunderlist . so many features missing , my day is n't something everyone wants but ca n't turn off . ca n't reorder my lists manually . will use different app when microsoft kill wunderlist !
i have wunderlist synced with my gmail account . can someone explain me how to transfer my lists to this app without having to create or use a microsoft account ? or is simply that i 'm forced to loose all my list ?
i tried 3 or 4 times to download this app , import my wunderlist data , and share lists with my husband . each time it failed miserably . not trying again - finding a better app .
does not import from wunderlist . very disappointed with having to switch . we 've been using wunderlist for some time and it 's been great and without issues . now we 're forced to switch over and when i follow the instructions , keep getting the 'nothing to import message ' . this is very frustrating . developers please fix asap !
transfer from wunderlist does n't work !
it wont let me login at all my old miceosoft password never is used so i tryed to use me current one for my gmail and it wouldnot work
i have n't gotten past step 1 - it has failed to import any of my data from wunderlist .
i give it one star because the main feature is broken for me . i set pill reminders on daily cycle but it misses the notification sometimes . i tried adding the app to not optimized battery but it still misses reminders
this app is a piece of sh * * . it wo n't sync my old wunderlists . shared lists do n't work . i 'll be uninstalling and going with a different app . thanks microsoft for taking a fantastic app ( wunderlist ) and ruining it .
as with other ms products , too many useless features
my wife and i used wonderlist for years to share grocery lists , to-do 's , packing lists , etc . the transition into microsoft to do could not have been more painful . duplicate imports and no sharing between work/personal accounts made the move harder than it should be . but the most frustrating thing ? i can no longer click and drag to order items in a list ! ! i be in the grocery store runnin around like a psycho cuz my list be all scrambled . and that 's before i even look for toilet paper .
this is ok for solo use , but do n't count on it to update between two devices . my wife and i found out the hard way when i did n't get steaks at the store . : ( even manual refreshing does n't help . i googled the problem and it looks like ms todo has had similar problems for years on various platforms . anyway , i suggest finding another list app .
please add the option of automatically adding tasks to the top instead of forcing them to the bottom . that 's the only thing stopping me from switching over from wunderlist . edit : i just heard you 're killing off wunderlist for good in may of 2020. i know i 'm just one person , but i 'll be jumping ship if such a simple improvement is n't made . edit again : 3/27 , and you did an update . but why in the world would you give ios the `` add tasks to the top '' feature but not android ? come on , please ? ?
had to switch from wunderlist . to do lacks functions which make wunderlist so great . importing worked well , but sharing previously shared lists required me to make a new 'personal ' account - this was n't an issue before . all is set up now and the app feels limited still in themes and settings . most of all , why switch ? why not just rename wunderlist to say 'microsoft wunderlist ' ?
i had wunderlist , but it changed to microsoft to do . to do is more clunky than wunderlist . it does not currently group starred items by category . it does not have a variety of theme back grounds , and the sharing of lists with others had to be done list-by-list and was unnecessaryily time consuming . i am hoping to see significant improvements in thia app .
this app is inferior to wunderlist as of now . it needs to be an option to duplicate a list exactly and rename it . you should also be able to attach pictures and instructions to long lists that you 've made . it 's just not nearly as intuitive as wunderlist . i have 50 locations that often need all the same services performed and it is a major waste of time to type can01 can02 can03 can04 etc every time i have a sweeping maintenance issue .
came over from wunderlist , and i was not happy with the changes , i have sync errors all the time , my lists are doubbled up ( the ones i had shared with others ) and when i add a new task to any list they go to the bottom at the list so i have to manualy drag them uppwards . and if i change it so that it goes to the top of the list , the app wont let you drag/organise the list ! this app is just bugs bugs and glitches so in short , make it more like wunderlist . but `` ok '' app otherwise
this does not work the same as wunderlist . when i sort , i can not manually move items to in effect do a sort alphabetically within priority . also when i prioritize items , they do n't automatically move to the top of the list . with wunderlist going away , i am going to have to search for a new app . so disappointed .
now i do n't trust this at all ! i learned about the transfer just today so.immediatley thought i 'd swop over . everything seemed fine , i got a pop up to say everything had been successfully transferred . then this evening i 'm just adding something when i get a pop up that the transfer was incomplete ! so what do i do now ? unless i cross check everything in all the lists i have how do i know what 's missing/not transferred ? ! omg ! i seriously do not need this right now : angry_face : :enraged_face :
as is typical for microsoft , they took over a wonderful product in wunderlist , screw it up , and jam it down the throat of their customers . the ms to do list is harder to use than wunderlist and lost some features that made it convenient to manage your tasks . i am convinced ms programmers must never use their own products .
i like using this app to organize my to-do items for my company which subscribes to office 365. however , since the latest update my app constantly says `` unable to sync '' even though it appears to be working when i check in the browser on my desktop . even uninstalling and reinstalling the app does n't fix it . i ca n't trust the app with my vital work if i 'm getting sync errors like this because i can not lose anything . please fix this and i will update to 4 or 5 stars .
i transitioned from wonderlist . there are a couple of things i do n't like . when the list is sorted any way then you can not drag the items in the list . this makes it very hard to organize long lists . also , i would like to have the option of adding to the top of the list as well as the bottom . otherwise the app is good for what i need it to do .
just switched from wunderlist and miss it already . why the widget wo n't let me display the tasks due today or this week like wunderlist did ? now there 's only `` planned '' which list every task i 've ever scheduled : ( the design is very plain and it does n't show the dates in different colours to spot what 's overdue and generally picture the information quickly .
i liked wunderlist much more , i ca n't arrange the tasks in the list freely . it looks like there is something wrong because i can arrange some lists and could n't for others , and the starred list which is switched to important is just a long list , i liked how it was divided before , it is really disappointing .
it 's okay , but i migrated from wunderlist and i still miss it . plus the widget keeps on breaking , not showing any tasks . when i delete it and put it back on the screen , it works again but only for a few days . please fix this !
i 'm adding a star because the import from wunderlist was seamless , but otherwise the fact that i can not drag and drop/reorganize stuff manually absolutely sucks . soon as i can get my lists imported into something else , i 'll be moving on .
seems to work great for me , but my family have trouble accessing the app , having to log into their microsoft account every single time . get it together , microsoft ... it 's frustrating and ridiculous .
i like the app . except for some reason it now says it does n't work with my account even though i can use it everywhere else . i 've done all the `` it '' things i can think to do . but to no avail . guess i 'll be looking elsewhere now .
moved from wunderlist and am disappointed by the lack of functionally . for example , there is no option to show weekly tasks and to display tasks in the widget they need to be moved manually !
nowhere near as good as wunderlist which i 've been using for several years . gutted that microsoft are stopping wunderlist in favour of this very poor substitute . not feeling the love for microsoft anymore ...
wunderlist was better . now i have to push more buttons than before . dont even know how to prioitize a task when i add it . why not leave it the way it was and just brand it ms ?
a recent update broke existing home screen widgets . it also made it impossible to create thin widgets - the minimum width is now 4 units which basically takes up the whole screen .
please get rid of all the white space . i have to scroll to read my lists . give us an option to zoom out or reskin this app to look like wunderlist . thanks .
typical of microsoft , they bought a really great app , wunderlist , killed it and replaced it with an app that is nowhere near as easy to use .
wunderlist was much better , more user-friendly . for example there is no select of tasks due on the week .
app looks good but failed to import from wunderlist twice . now forced to manually re-enter several dozen tasks . wunderlist works flawlessly so wondering why retire it .
worse than wunderlist . no drag and drop of tasks and a poor selection of themes . weekly view should allow segmentation by day instead of lumping five days together .
the sorting option is not good . there 's no option to manually arrange individual tasks . when you show completed tasks , it all over the place . completed tasks should be grouped together and displayed at the bottom of the list after the incomplete tasks . it becomes very messy when completed and incomplete tasks are mixed together . why tweak the app to make it worse than what it was before ? tweaking should making it better not worse .
migrated from wunderlist . ca n't share my list with my spouse , always gets errors . todo list unusable without sharing working . +1 for dark theme though .
additionally , having to manually go thru and re-invite contacts for every task again is not customer friendly . really disappointed .
wish they kept the wunderlist app instead it was perfect : loudly_crying_face : ! ! ! some issues i had with this app compared to wunderlist to fix : -have new items added to the top instead of adding to the bottom ( or have option to change ) -more quick choice options for the reminder times -quick add bar ( to just type in a search bar box instead of clicking the + button ) -have settings apply to all lists so do n't have to individually change each list -option to add to list on main screen without clicking in list
i just noticed that notifications for yesterday 's reminder disappear . that is really bad . ( wunderlist did n't have this bug )
the app struggles to sort by due date , i think it is at least in part due to the imported tasks ( from wunderlist ) .
can we have the lists back at the top of the page like wunderlist , i do n't need any of the options that take up the top half of my screen !
this is a step down from wunderlist . before deprecating wunderlist in favor of this app , it should atleast have been brought to parity . sharing is broken , and even when it works , i have to send a link to the other person . it was so much simpler with wunderlist ! in the sharing with sms option , the link and the text together require 2 texts . why ? ! . unhappy .
subpar so far the difficult to me is syncing lists between family members . this app tends to produce multiple lists of the same theme .
being able to slide tasks up and down on the fly is a critical feature which needs to be brought over from wunderlist . i plan and order my work day tasks with it and need to be able to adjust the order quickly and frequently . my wife and i also were using wunderlist as a grocery list sharing tool . same complaint as we like to order the list to match our path through the grocery store . i see a few people miss this option in the reviews - without it , the app does n't work for me .
after 6 years of using wunderlist the day has come to look for a new to-do app . microsoft to-do is missing the most important feature of wl , i. e. placing newly addly added and favourite items to the top of the to-do list ; practically , the app is useless if you have long lists with floating items . i have sent them this feedback 6 months ago and they still did not change anything about this .
widget does not sync/refresh properly . went back to wunderlist until at least the widget refresh/sync issue is solved . ( using android phone , tablet and windows 10 ) . the following items , which are present in wunderlist , should definitely be integrated : 1 ) the option to choose that starred items be moved to top . 2 ) the option to choose that new tasks be added to top . 3 ) folder view in the widget 4 ) icons under a task on the widget showing that a task has subtasks and/or notes in it .
it 's a true mystery of life how microsoft can take anything and make it look ugly and needlessly complicated . why on earth would they not simply leave wunderlist as-is ? ? so they see nothing wrong , and decide `` time to wreck it . '' who is going to save us when they finally shut wunderlist down ? ?
interface similar to wunderlist , functionally not the same unfortunately . as an example , wunderlist allows manual sorting after sorting by one of the sort options ( alphabetical , etc ) , which can fine tune things beautifully . microsoft to do does not allow manual sorting unless you deactivate the selected sort ( like deactivating alphabetical sort as an example ) . this then reverts everything back to the same unsorted mess prior to the selected sort option . very frustrating .
it amazes me how microsoft took over an amazing app like wundelist and ruined it completely . it 's a real pitty that wundelist will be discontinued in may 2020 . if you do n't believe me , just move to do it and then have both apps on your phone till may . you keep opening wundelist because of its user friendly interface and functions and the opposite is true with do it . i moved to do it thinking that they keep it the same with improvements but i was wrong . searching for new app already .
no ability to add a shortcut/widget to quickly add a task , meaning it will take several swipes/clicks to add a new task on my android phone . wunderlist did n't have this constant friction . it 's a shame that they 're shutting down wunderlist without having all of the same functionality .
there 's quite a lot of work to do with this app . while it seems to functionally work well on a basic level , a lot of core features from the wunderlist app have been removed , or awkwardly placed/restricted . new features of the app are incredibly limited and feel poorly executed . unfortunately there is nothing in this app that says `` i want this '' , when migrating from wunderlist , and makes other apps look more appealing . i hope further updates from microsoft can deliver on user feedback .
please fix the widget annoying error ; whenever i press the `` + '' button to add something to any particular group i set , it always move - only - to the `` task '' . even i had changed the destination to the group , it 's still change back to `` task '' again . so i have to move everything from task to specific groups again every time . really annoying .
i much preferred wunderlist ! ! could easily copy items to new or existing folders . was much more versatile ! ! why do it techies have to move 3 steps back each time something new is launched ? ! ! surely r & d of products they wish to replace should have shown functionality used ? ! ! ! ! !
the widget list is always glitching and wo n't show the items on my list , wo n't allow me to add new items to the list . the only way i seem to be able to fix this issue is by removing the widget and then putting it back in . this was never an issue in the past before i upgraded to the microsoft todo . i 'm using a note10+ and my wife on a samsung galaxy s10 has the same issue . hope this can be fixed ? it 's getting really annoying .
this is far from what wunderlist made us use it , you no longer have details section in a task where for example you could add a link to a picture or describe more the task in hand ... it seems it tried to be more of a daily scheduler than what actually the amazing wunderlist was !
somehow , reminder function has never work . no notification or anything . which make this app kinda useless .
came over from wunderlist . its good that you guys have synced my lists here . however , i have many shared to-do lists with comments . i do n't see any comment feature in msft to do . when can this feature be expected ? will increase rating , once this feature is introduced .
some features widely requested and very useful are missing : - task with due date should automatically appear on 'my day ' - forward email to microsoft todo address and automatically add a task - sort task by modification date , the ideia is to have on top the oldest task that i 've updated - very important feature , comments , ability to make comment on the task with timestamp - tags , must have tags to more easily search and filter please improved microsoft todo with this features
coming over from wunderlist , started the import and its been `` importing '' for 2 days . only half my lists have transferred , seems hung .
unable to delete a list . there are no `` 3 dots '' on the top right hand side of my screen . i dont have all the features it says it has . i loved my wunderlist and tranferred everything to microsoft to do .... not sure i will keep it . looking for other options .
not as good as wunderlist . supposed to verify before deleting but it does n't . lost entire list by accidentally touching and yes , i have it turned on in settings . at least with wunderlist you could see deleted items and undo . going to find something better than this then uninstalling .
no search option . mixing up of completed and incolplete tasks in list . mismanaged
please stop with the updates . especially on the desktop version . you 're just making it worse . the most recent update sucks ! stop ! at least make it so you can add all of your previous `` my day '' tasks from yesterday with one tap . i 'm tired of having to add each one individually .
just one neccessary thing , just one thing - and it is missing ... to see only your today and earlier incomplete tasks in the widget . automatically . every day . with different due date colors , depending on if it is a today task , or earlier .
still missing a bunch of essential features like send reminder to all users in a list and recurring reminders for certain time of the day . too bad : thumbs_down : i really enjoyed the ui but those features are a must for me .
should have choice of adding new items at top or bottom of list . should have small vertical scrollbar appear when scrolling to know how long a list is ( like wunderlist ) . would be nice to an option to pop an item to top or bottom of a list .
inferior to wunderlist . i 'm so sad . sharing is pain that works half the time , ui is below average , pretty much all the features are lessened . i ca n't believe they do n't see this step back .
poor substitute for wunderlist which is going in may . all imported well but nowhere near as many settings options and the list font size is far too big so u can only see a small portion of your list on the screen . looking for anotjer alternative
ui is nice , but task lists are useless to me unless they let you set a start date . i thought that since this was microsoft 's task list app , it would have similar features to the tasks in outlook .
synced well with wunderlist to import lists , but despite having reminders activated , i get no notifications to remind me of upcoming tasks or events ... which makes this pretty redundant as a wunderlist replacement .
great idea but the appl has serious issues syncing so completely unusable . migrated from wunderlist , but i guess i 'll stick with it because they fubar-ed this to do app . go figure . microsoft : - ) still love the my day feature . a shame .
i do n't appreciate changing away from wunderlist , like hello where is my calendar functionality , should be even easier to do when everything is the same suite . also my dear wunderlist . rip . you died too soon .
good idea , bad execution , widgets can not be used to enter information , does n't work , you tap the arrow and nothing happens . useful to display information you entered in the app though
one thing that i think is important and missing from this application after i move from wunderlist is synchronization with google calendar . i did not find how to synchronize google calendar with this to do list application .
you should be able to add to the particular list you are viewing from the `` + '' and not have to change it from task every time . it works as it should once in a while .
if i log in to to do then i get logged out if outlook . when i log back into outlook i get logged out of to do . i can not use both . if you had just kept tasks in outlook we would not need 2 apps .
syncs in seconds when using phone and desktop computer . great for to do lists - shopping , procedures etc . reminder alarm is unreliable - sometimes early , sometimes late , and sometimes only works when phone is already awake .
it 's been a couple of weeks and still have not been able to share lists . keep getting an error that says `` it 's not you , it 's us '' . already wrote to customer support and have not heard from them ...
this app is excellent and more productivity . but do n't have separate ringtone set option . so i will easily get confused with sms or to do notification .
snooze does n't work most of the times . i end up forgetting/missing task notification . also i get notification on opening app . instead of set time .
coming from wunderlist , todo it 's annoying to use . adding items to a list used to be quick and simple . ms over complicated it .
there 's no automatic list of everything that is due today or past due . wunderlist was better .
boxes are too wide on the widget . it was better on wunderlust as i could see a lot more at once .
the biggest downside of the app is that you now need a microsoft account . google single sign on is n't possible
the widget is buggy , every few days it stops showing your lists . only removing it and setting a new instance solves the problem .
disappointed that you ca n't share lists across organizations . does n't help when you trying to keep track of tasks and collobrations to do lists with people in other companies .
moved from wunderlist . set up to capture non microsoft users . it 's okay but fails straightforward usability test . sigh ......
wunderlist has a date time stamp on comments . when the list was imported , the date time stamp is no longer available .
great app , but i constantly have sync issue , and that 's why i started to use todoist !
i really like the app but i ca n't use it until calendar view is available and subtasks become visible from tasks level .
notifications are not working properly . it pop 's up only when i open the app . : confused_face : :confused_face : :confused_face :
wunderlist is far better . this is no way close
not worth of killing wunderlist some crucial features such as comments are missing in the app
the android widget is pretty buggy . desktop app is great . android app not so much
just not the same open feel as wunderlist , do n't like it
multiple account support without unified view ... really disappointing .
issues with notifications and reminders
it 's good that you can import from wunderlist , but the planner is missing some really basic features . for instance it 's impossible to set a repeating reminder , which makes it pretty useless ... and why 'my day ' does n't automatically populate with the things you have set for the day is beyond me . poorly thought out , as i am finding a lot of microsoft products are these days . i 'm looking for a better app .
an option for daily jobs to carry over is necessary . having to re-add tasks is stupid .
after years of using wunderlist and organizing both my professionell and my private life with the app i made the switch to microsoft todo after they announced that the wunderlist service will be terminated around mai this year . ( 2020 ) . first impression was good and after years of using wunderlist i felt at home . but on the first day in the office came the shock : you can not manually reorder the tasks ! ! ! seriously ? that undermines how i and i guess a lot of people use a todo list ...
i am facing problems importing my lists from wunderlist
the app does not sync our shared lists .
please add option to add voice notes .
the team fixed importing bookmarked tasks from wunderlist , since about a year ago . after using todo for couple days , i can say it 's * almost * on par with wunderlist . but , given that it 's advertised as a replacement , developed by the same team , it 's frustrating that not all behavior was backported . no quickly prioritizing tasks by toggling bookmark state , no list selection and delete . hard to deal with duplicate lists after importing . custom sorting , so you add a task via widget , but can not see it
the best thing about this is that it is free . no annoying ads but i get all the features . some of the ux on here just is n't as good as other apps . for example , my day makes no sense . why do i need to add everything into my day manually when it is already due today ? i need to click an extra button to see the tasks .
have difficulty syncing to google calendar
needs all the sorting options on the widget that wunderlist has . i specially miss the week setting . also , colour coding of overdue dates on the planned widget setting , is missing . also missing numbers on the drop down menu of the list , so you ca n't see how many listings are in each category . ( with overdue listed too there ) will raise to 5 stars once that is fixed .
was forced to switch to this from wunderlist . the only thing better about it is dark mode that extends to widgets . everything else sucks . i now do n't even get about 30 % of my reminders anymore and have to constantly reset things . microsoft is one of the richest companies on earth and this is the best they can do ?
ad a few widget customisations and i 'll give a another star or two . chose between dark or light . and let us set transparency , so we can match it to other widgets . that would be great .
doesnt show you task.in calendar , only today tasks , useless , try trello
subpar so far the difficult to me is syncing lists between family members . this app tends to produce multiple lists of the same theme .
hard to use .
i just noticed that notifications for yesterday 's reminder disappear . that is really bad . ( wunderlist did n't have this bug )
this app is inferior to wunderlist as of now . it needs to be an option to duplicate a list exactly and rename it . you should also be able to attach pictures and instructions to long lists that you 've made . it 's just not nearly as intuitive as wunderlist . i have 50 locations that often need all the same services performed and it is a major waste of time to type can01 can02 can03 can04 etc every time i have a sweeping maintenance issue .
somehow , reminder function has never work . no notification or anything . which make this app kinda useless .
this is ok for solo use , but do n't count on it to update between two devices . my wife and i found out the hard way when i did n't get steaks at the store . : ( even manual refreshing does n't help . i googled the problem and it looks like ms todo has had similar problems for years on various platforms . anyway , i suggest finding another list app .
outlook のメールにフラグを立ててもtodo のflagged email に表示されない。
seems to work great for me , but my family have trouble accessing the app , having to log into their microsoft account every single time . get it together , microsoft ... it 's frustrating and ridiculous .
i miss wunderlist . it was better designed , had more style . form and function are lacking from this new product . i hate you a little .
it 's a true mystery of life how microsoft can take anything and make it look ugly and needlessly complicated . why on earth would they not simply leave wunderlist as-is ? ? so they see nothing wrong , and decide `` time to wreck it . '' who is going to save us when they finally shut wunderlist down ? ?
app looks good but failed to import from wunderlist twice . now forced to manually re-enter several dozen tasks . wunderlist works flawlessly so wondering why retire it .
* adds new tasks to bottom , not top ! * this app adds new tasks to the bottom of the to do list , not to the top . this is different than every other `` to do '' list i have used , including wunderlist , on which this app is to be based . please fix this ridiculous problem ! at least give me a setting to add new items to the top or the bottom of the list .
not remind me
need to work on it .
came over from wunderlist , and i was not happy with the changes , i have sync errors all the time , my lists are doubbled up ( the ones i had shared with others ) and when i add a new task to any list they go to the bottom at the list so i have to manualy drag them uppwards . and if i change it so that it goes to the top of the list , the app wont let you drag/organise the list ! this app is just bugs bugs and glitches so in short , make it more like wunderlist . but `` ok '' app otherwise
typical of microsoft , they bought a really great app , wunderlist , killed it and replaced it with an app that is nowhere near as easy to use .
wunderlist ! ! !
please add the option of automatically adding tasks to the top instead of forcing them to the bottom . that 's the only thing stopping me from switching over from wunderlist . edit : i just heard you 're killing off wunderlist for good in may of 2020. i know i 'm just one person , but i 'll be jumping ship if such a simple improvement is n't made . edit again : 3/27 , and you did an update . but why in the world would you give ios the `` add tasks to the top '' feature but not android ? come on , please ? ?
i had wunderlist , but it changed to microsoft to do . to do is more clunky than wunderlist . it does not currently group starred items by category . it does not have a variety of theme back grounds , and the sharing of lists with others had to be done list-by-list and was unnecessaryily time consuming . i am hoping to see significant improvements in thia app .
there are better alternatives .
reminders are invisible
i 'm adding a star because the import from wunderlist was seamless , but otherwise the fact that i can not drag and drop/reorganize stuff manually absolutely sucks . soon as i can get my lists imported into something else , i 'll be moving on .
o aplicativo não tem uma lista de tarefas deletadas . eu deletei uma tarefa sem querer ( o aplicado deleta a tarefa se eu arrastar pro lado ) e agora não consigo lembrar do que se tratava .
wunderlist was much better , more user-friendly . for example there is no select of tasks due on the week .
sadly subpar ... even in 2020 missing most of the basic features that other small developer apps have ... pity for a microsoft app
replacing wunderlist that i 've used for years . syncing lists not working reliably so it 's useless for me . switching to todoist instead .
the app does not sync our shared lists .
love the app ... good functionality , nice features , but missing option to lock a note for security and/or prevent accidental deletion . * needs an un-do/do n't save button , i have lost so many notes by this app accidentally grabbing text and replacing it with copied text or what it thinks i want to say
coming over from wunderlist , started the import and its been `` importing '' for 2 days . only half my lists have transferred , seems hung .
a recent update broke existing home screen widgets . it also made it impossible to create thin widgets - the minimum width is now 4 units which basically takes up the whole screen .
my wife and i used wonderlist for years to share grocery lists , to-do 's , packing lists , etc . the transition into microsoft to do could not have been more painful . duplicate imports and no sharing between work/personal accounts made the move harder than it should be . but the most frustrating thing ? i can no longer click and drag to order items in a list ! ! i be in the grocery store runnin around like a psycho cuz my list be all scrambled . and that 's before i even look for toilet paper .
now i do n't trust this at all ! i learned about the transfer just today so.immediatley thought i 'd swop over . everything seemed fine , i got a pop up to say everything had been successfully transferred . then this evening i 'm just adding something when i get a pop up that the transfer was incomplete ! so what do i do now ? unless i cross check everything in all the lists i have how do i know what 's missing/not transferred ? ! omg ! i seriously do not need this right now : angry_face : :enraged_face :
i like using this app to organize my to-do items for my company which subscribes to office 365. however , since the latest update my app constantly says `` unable to sync '' even though it appears to be working when i check in the browser on my desktop . even uninstalling and reinstalling the app does n't fix it . i ca n't trust the app with my vital work if i 'm getting sync errors like this because i can not lose anything . please fix this and i will update to 4 or 5 stars .
migrated from wunderlist . ca n't share my list with my spouse , always gets errors . todo list unusable without sharing working . +1 for dark theme though .
worse than wunderlist . no drag and drop of tasks and a poor selection of themes . weekly view should allow segmentation by day instead of lumping five days together .
i like the app . except for some reason it now says it does n't work with my account even though i can use it everywhere else . i 've done all the `` it '' things i can think to do . but to no avail . guess i 'll be looking elsewhere now .
had to switch from wunderlist . to do lacks functions which make wunderlist so great . importing worked well , but sharing previously shared lists required me to make a new 'personal ' account - this was n't an issue before . all is set up now and the app feels limited still in themes and settings . most of all , why switch ? why not just rename wunderlist to say 'microsoft wunderlist ' ?
wunderlist is far better . this is no way close
nowhere near as good as wunderlist which i 've been using for several years . gutted that microsoft are stopping wunderlist in favour of this very poor substitute . not feeling the love for microsoft anymore ...
not as good as wunderlist . going to need to find a new app : frowning_face :
no background sync . i love the ui and widget , but it wo n't update notes i create/change from the pc unless i physically open the app , which renders it useless for my needs .
very nice
the app struggles to sort by due date , i think it is at least in part due to the imported tasks ( from wunderlist ) .
issues with notifications and reminders
it 's okay , but i migrated from wunderlist and i still miss it . plus the widget keeps on breaking , not showing any tasks . when i delete it and put it back on the screen , it works again but only for a few days . please fix this !
i miss wunderlist . the functionality is so different now , and the transition was really bad . and i definitely did n't want a microsoft account .
can we have the lists back at the top of the page like wunderlist , i do n't need any of the options that take up the top half of my screen !
please add , disable animation : folded_hands : :folded_hands : :folded_hands :
i liked wunderlist much more , i ca n't arrange the tasks in the list freely . it looks like there is something wrong because i can arrange some lists and could n't for others , and the starred list which is switched to important is just a long list , i liked how it was divided before , it is really disappointing .
just switched from wunderlist and miss it already . why the widget wo n't let me display the tasks due today or this week like wunderlist did ? now there 's only `` planned '' which list every task i 've ever scheduled : ( the design is very plain and it does n't show the dates in different colours to spot what 's overdue and generally picture the information quickly .
this does not work the same as wunderlist . when i sort , i can not manually move items to in effect do a sort alphabetically within priority . also when i prioritize items , they do n't automatically move to the top of the list . with wunderlist going away , i am going to have to search for a new app . so disappointed .
moved from wunderlist and am disappointed by the lack of functionally . for example , there is no option to show weekly tasks and to display tasks in the widget they need to be moved manually !
wunderlist was better . now i have to push more buttons than before . dont even know how to prioitize a task when i add it . why not leave it the way it was and just brand it ms ?
as is typical for microsoft , they took over a wonderful product in wunderlist , screw it up , and jam it down the throat of their customers . the ms to do list is harder to use than wunderlist and lost some features that made it convenient to manage your tasks . i am convinced ms programmers must never use their own products .
additionally , having to manually go thru and re-invite contacts for every task again is not customer friendly . really disappointed .
i transitioned from wonderlist . there are a couple of things i do n't like . when the list is sorted any way then you can not drag the items in the list . this makes it very hard to organize long lists . also , i would like to have the option of adding to the top of the list as well as the bottom . otherwise the app is good for what i need it to do .
no search option . mixing up of completed and incolplete tasks in list . mismanaged
please get rid of all the white space . i have to scroll to read my lists . give us an option to zoom out or reskin this app to look like wunderlist . thanks .
i much preferred wunderlist ! ! could easily copy items to new or existing folders . was much more versatile ! ! why do it techies have to move 3 steps back each time something new is launched ? ! ! surely r & d of products they wish to replace should have shown functionality used ? ! ! ! ! !
i am facing problems importing my lists from wunderlist
not worth of killing wunderlist some crucial features such as comments are missing in the app
there 's no automatic list of everything that is due today or past due . wunderlist was better .
so what ... you take away wunderlist , make us use this much more convoluted app and do not even have a choice of widgets ? ? ? ?
this is far from what wunderlist made us use it , you no longer have details section in a task where for example you could add a link to a picture or describe more the task in hand ... it seems it tried to be more of a daily scheduler than what actually the amazing wunderlist was !
cumbersome and confusing
came over from wunderlist . its good that you guys have synced my lists here . however , i have many shared to-do lists with comments . i do n't see any comment feature in msft to do . when can this feature be expected ? will increase rating , once this feature is introduced .
bad color scheme
an option for daily jobs to carry over is necessary . having to re-add tasks is stupid .
synced well with wunderlist to import lists , but despite having reminders activated , i get no notifications to remind me of upcoming tasks or events ... which makes this pretty redundant as a wunderlist replacement .
the biggest downside of the app is that you now need a microsoft account . google single sign on is n't possible
still missing a bunch of essential features like send reminder to all users in a list and recurring reminders for certain time of the day . too bad : thumbs_down : i really enjoyed the ui but those features are a must for me .
why ca n't task assigned for today are automatically in my day
no ability to add a shortcut/widget to quickly add a task , meaning it will take several swipes/clicks to add a new task on my android phone . wunderlist did n't have this constant friction . it 's a shame that they 're shutting down wunderlist without having all of the same functionality .
the sorting option is not good . there 's no option to manually arrange individual tasks . when you show completed tasks , it all over the place . completed tasks should be grouped together and displayed at the bottom of the list after the incomplete tasks . it becomes very messy when completed and incomplete tasks are mixed together . why tweak the app to make it worse than what it was before ? tweaking should making it better not worse .
wish they kept the wunderlist app instead it was perfect : loudly_crying_face : ! ! ! some issues i had with this app compared to wunderlist to fix : -have new items added to the top instead of adding to the bottom ( or have option to change ) -more quick choice options for the reminder times -quick add bar ( to just type in a search bar box instead of clicking the + button ) -have settings apply to all lists so do n't have to individually change each list -option to add to list on main screen without clicking in list
checked is again as they are killing wunderlist : still lacking so many basic features , really lame . why ca n't i manualy change the order of the tasks like in wunderlist ? where are the completed tasks ? where are the deleted tasks ? why are new items always added to the bottom ?
coming from wunderlist , todo it 's annoying to use . adding items to a list used to be quick and simple . ms over complicated it .
after 6 years of using wunderlist the day has come to look for a new to-do app . microsoft to-do is missing the most important feature of wl , i. e. placing newly addly added and favourite items to the top of the to-do list ; practically , the app is useless if you have long lists with floating items . i have sent them this feedback 6 months ago and they still did not change anything about this .
have been trying for over an hour to share lists to be able to assign tasks and lots of error messages show up and i still have n't been able to link checklists .
a bad version of wunderlist .
unable to delete a list . there are no `` 3 dots '' on the top right hand side of my screen . i dont have all the features it says it has . i loved my wunderlist and tranferred everything to microsoft to do .... not sure i will keep it . looking for other options .
poor substitute for wunderlist which is going in may . all imported well but nowhere near as many settings options and the list font size is far too big so u can only see a small portion of your list on the screen . looking for anotjer alternative
why do you have to give them your info when all i 'm wanting is a grocery list and things to do . ai n't none of their business .
being able to slide tasks up and down on the fly is a critical feature which needs to be brought over from wunderlist . i plan and order my work day tasks with it and need to be able to adjust the order quickly and frequently . my wife and i also were using wunderlist as a grocery list sharing tool . same complaint as we like to order the list to match our path through the grocery store . i see a few people miss this option in the reviews - without it , the app does n't work for me .
great app , but i constantly have sync issue , and that 's why i started to use todoist !
multiple account support without unified view ... really disappointing .
i used to love this app because of its theme , but the new skins totally kill the app
it 's been a couple of weeks and still have not been able to share lists . keep getting an error that says `` it 's not you , it 's us '' . already wrote to customer support and have not heard from them ...
please add option to add voice notes .
no way to repeat a task ... unfriendly interface .
why ca n't i link to the outlook app
have difficulty syncing to google calendar
the widget is buggy , every few days it stops showing your lists . only removing it and setting a new instance solves the problem .
please stop with the updates . especially on the desktop version . you 're just making it worse . the most recent update sucks ! stop ! at least make it so you can add all of your previous `` my day '' tasks from yesterday with one tap . i 'm tired of having to add each one individually .
widget does not sync/refresh properly . went back to wunderlist until at least the widget refresh/sync issue is solved . ( using android phone , tablet and windows 10 ) . the following items , which are present in wunderlist , should definitely be integrated : 1 ) the option to choose that starred items be moved to top . 2 ) the option to choose that new tasks be added to top . 3 ) folder view in the widget 4 ) icons under a task on the widget showing that a task has subtasks and/or notes in it .
too many functionalities were removed , why ?
boxes are too wide on the widget . it was better on wunderlust as i could see a lot more at once .
disappointing and unreliable . it 's sad to see this app struggles to be as great as its predecessor : wunderlist . if you set a daily reminder and one day forget to mark it as complete , the app will not remind you again about it . if the due date and reminder date are different you will not be reminded about the task . i do n't care if i 'm receiving a notification about a thing i had to do 3 weeks ago i just wan na be reminded . no one is this strict with dates . i hope this helps improve the app .
please at least put an option to use the previous theme . i like the previous one with flat design ( minimalist ) . if you could also put a feature to have other place a comment on our list , that would be great . kindly prioritize the option to use the minimalist/flat design theme ... it is less distracting which makes me more productive . i recommended this to my friends because of its design ... good thing my other device is not set to auto update .. i was able to retain the previous version ...
migrating from wunderlist could n't have been more painful . first i had to open microsoft account just for this app . then , importing from wunderlist messed up owners , all lists that were shared to me ended up as mine , i had to re share them to the original owner again . anyone invited to the list must have ms accounts , i had people leaving because of this . and i do n't get any notifications when people add new tasks . it may look the same as wunderlist , but the app is starting to annoy me ...
before this , l used wunderlist solely for my do listn i used workflowy for ongoing notes and events throughout the years . i ike this app , but if you do n't get everything done yesterday 's then my day iwhen you wake up the next day , my day is blank . imagine making to do list on a posted note and the next morning it was blank ? that 's not saving me time . do n't know why they did n't put that in when developing the app .
i love how the app is almost exactly like the last one . the only irritating thing is that the `` show completed ... '' button is no longer at the bottom of the list . this button was used so much due to my fingers accidentally completing a task . i would just hit the 'show completed ' button and my most recent item would be at the top ready to re-add to my list . now we need to go through a few buttons to find it and it does n't bring up the most recently deleted item . very irritating !
update 02.04.20. i was using this for a while but i returned to my old task manager of 15 years ( updated versions of course ) . i like this out because it syncs between android and my macbook pro . works a charm . only issue - does n't handle recurring tasks such as `` recurs on the second tuesday of the month . ... '' etc . simple recurring tasks are fine ( every second monday ) . overall very good . easy to use . once recurring tasks are implemented completely this will be superior !
mostly really good , great for sharing tasks between people/phones/desktops , but the widgets on android keep clearing themselves and have to be re-added to work again , and repeating tasks constantly change the day they alert you on , reminding me the day after or before i set them to . i keep having to edit them back again . really frustrating . what 's the point in a daily reminder if it keeps changing to try and alert you the day before it existed ? edit : and again , anytime there 's a clock change ! ! !
mostly works well , but i am rather disappointed with the syncing issues my wife and i are experiencing . i 'm unsure as to what microsoft has changed from the `` wunderlist '' app that i 've been forced to switch from , but this app does not work as quickly and nicely as wunderlist did , which i had been using for 2 to 3 years constantly because it worked so well . please revise this app so that connectivity problems from servers can be solved . i am unable to sync some/all of my shared lists .
ok , but feels like untested alpha state software . tricky to navigate quickly when called from a widget , direct call entry for phone calls seems to be missing ( though that 's the first thing one needs in a todo list ) , sorting tasks is either impossible or a well hidden feature , sharing and assigning is very rudimentary .
not happy with the switch from wunderlist . why did you remove the option to assign a list to a group at the time you are creating a new list ? it is cumbersome and time consuming to have to drag the list to a new group , especially when you have numerous groups and lists as i do and i move them often . what a pain !
coming from wunderlist , i am disappointed . so much wasted space in the user interface and no way to make elements smaller . the overall look is also less slick . it really is a `` to do '' app while i 'm looking for a listing app . will have to find an alternative .
i miss the today , week & all shortcuts that wunderlist had at the top . the planned replacement is not as easy to view or follow my week ahead at a glance . the automated transfer seems to have worked well so far . update : sharing lists previously shared with my wife now creates a double so that needs to be fixed asap . wunderlist would randomly delete scheduled reminders in bulk , hopefully to do has put a stop to that .
still has bugs that wunderlist did not . for instance , the widget that i usually keep on my launcher with lists of things to do oftentimes goes blank and stops working . i 'm totally fine with replacing a product with a more modern offering , but it needs to work properly .
app did not properly import all data from wunderlist as microsoft claimed it would . all of my 'created dates ' for items in my list got wiped amd set to the current month day and year of when i did the import a couple days ago . this would seem to be a simple table record to grab from the wunderlist database , to transfer over to to do . i would expect a cleaner and better qa 'd experience from a company like microsoft . this is as of build # 151 .
its good . the only thing that is missing is the time inclusion . like at what time a particular task is planned . if that can be added , it would be perfect . it would be like a personal calendar and activity planner together . i hope that can be added .
good enough for a to-do list app . a few additional features would make it even better though : option to re-arrange list ; rename/edit an existing item ; add a note or comment on an item ; sync interval to save battery life
it 's ok. when we imported our list from wunderlist the list was duplicated . my husband and i share a list for shopping . when we connected through this new app every item on the list was duplicated . frustrating to clean up .
still frustratingly basic compared to todoist . i 'd love to move over and consolidate within the microsoft ecosystem , but there 's still so many quality of life areas that are lacking in to do . can i suggest starting with natural language support for setting up tasks though ? it makes it so much quicker to use .
i love wunderlist . one huge feature that to do is missing is i ca n't manually reorder individual tasks in the list . i used to be able to move it up and down according to the order i want it done .
++ bug : confirm to delete does n't appear after swipe to delete action , but does appear during select item/menu delete . should n't it be the other way around ? ( easier to accidentally swipe ) or for both ? ++ pls add animation to indicate syncing progress so we know when we can force quit ++ pls add option to add tasks to top of list ++ sorting seems random when choosing to show completed tasks ; should n't all completed tasks be stacked under non completed ? or is it chrono but we ca n't see it ?
it 's good . but coming from wunderljst the spacing in this app between task is too big . when having many task . the list get unnecessary long and cluttered . please adjust or make it adjustable . will rate 5 stars if adjusted .
continue to get sync error on this app only . can use web and see tasks . can not figure out how to fix . i 've uninstalled this app sever times , logged in , logged out , stopped app , cleared cache , etc . nothing corrects it .
i am setting daily targets , it means when i open the app i should able to see it as a list , weekly target /monthly targets/yearly targets are to be alrady suppose to be designed , my work is assingining task i suppose wishing to add for daily or weekly or monthly or yearly targets
not happy that when a new task is entered it goes to the bottom of the list instead of automatically to the top like it did in wunderlist . it 's crazy that you have to drag every entry to the top of your list .
on wunderlist , your starred/prioritsed list would break down into the original lists they came from - now they all melt together . on the starred/prioritised list you could also reshuffle jobs by holding down - now you ca n't .
there is no ability to comment like in wunderlist . had to individually share all my synced lists with my husband and then he had to accept and delete all the doubles . should have just been able to share links with another user .
long time wunderlist user here . what i feel that can definitely be improved is the snappiness with which each task list opens - right now there 's always a small loading delay when clicking on a given list .
forced to migrate . i 'm annoyed that you ca n't drag and arrange tasks manually if `` sort by '' is on . i need to be able to arrange tomorrow 's tasks in the order i want to do them , not whatever order the app decides .
please add a transparent widet . swipe to finish tasks would also be nice . it would be really great if we could add comments to individual tasks .
this app is great , but please add the copy list feature on android too , and also `` uncheck all '' feature so i can reuse a routine list without uncheking all one by one
appears to work the same as wunderlist , and imports your lists , but if several people share a list , you ca n't share it anymore .
not able to see flagged emails which are overdue or which are due after tomorrow . it would be great if we are able to see all the flagged emails at one place
the feature that i liked in wunderlist is that you could move items around on your list manually . this is missing from this app .
awesome app , if you could add undo feature : if we make any changes to the todo unexpectedly and press back then it saves it and we can not find what was the original memo .
it 's just okay . i much preferred wunderlist . i 'd give a 5 star rating if microsoft to-do added new items to the top of the list , not the bottom , and allow you to move any item to the top by pressing the `` star '' on that item , similar to wunderlist . needless to say , i 'm gon na be using this app a whole lot less than i had used wunderlist , until this is fixed . it 's a huge inconvenience for me to have to keep dragging each new item to the top of my lists , which tend to be very long .
how about letting us pick from a custom color palette for each list . the supplied ones are insipid and limited . also , sharing . my wife and i keep getting this message when trying to share lists ( not all of them - just some , go figure ) : unavailable list - it looks like this list is n't available . try contacting the person who invited you . err , okay , then what ? bringing over shared lists from wunderlist is a disaster . utterly out of sync .
for anyone who wants to manually order your list , just long press the task and drag/drop it . it 's really easy . my 3 out of 5 is because the widget seems broken . i have a large 3 x 3 widget to see my planned tasks . the list randomly disappears in the widget . open the app and it 's still there . go to the widget it 's still missing . randomly it comes back . if this gets fixed , it 'll be 5 of 5 .
i would really like to see the inbox feature in wunderlist brought over . there is currently no efficient way to quickly add tasks so you can sort/organize them later . on the main page , there is only an add list button , and i do n't want to add everything to my day . this gets cluttered and messy . it would also be nice if tasks that you have assigned for a certain day are automatically added to my day , instead of having to go through and look for tasks that are due and add them to my day manually .
easy to use , intuitive , has issues to share the kist woth somebidy if one of the use is using a school or work account . non collaborative .
ok , works like wunderlist , which was wonder-ful , except it does n't integrate with google calendar . wth ?
would have given more stars if the add folder option was not removed from the original wunderlist to do list . i also used to be able to take photos offline and they will be automatically uploaded when i 'm online . now i must be online to even use my camera . i also do not like the idea that when you add a new note or something it stays at the bottom . these notes should automatically move to the top like how it did in wunderlist . otherwise the app is helpful for most of what i do .
i prefer wunderlist since you can move around the tasks but app does n't allow that flexibility ; only broad sorting features .
great app because i can keep all of my tasks synchronized to my laptop . great for a student . but on mobile i ca n't create new tasks with a custom due date , because the keyboard does n't go away in the calender to chose and i ca n't select any other dates than those in the first week , ca n't even reach the save/select button . simple fixable error but it infuriates me every time it comes up .
hi . we migrated our lists from wunderlist . we use shared list but now even we shared the lists that were previously shared , they do not sync , so other people do n't see the completed items . if they assign a task , they ca n't see it completed . there are duplicate lists with the same name , one is shared , the other one is not . when creating new shared lists , the people who received the invitation are unable to join . they see an error `` list unavailable '' i tried support , but unavailable .
overall , the app does what it 's supposed to do , but a few quality of life features would go a long way - for one , a list for `` later this week '' would be nice , as would the ability to nest lists more than one deep . however , the achilles ' heel of the system is definitely its sync . syncing frequently fails or takes forever , and is often too slow between devices to make the most of the other capabilities of the app . honestly if a better option came out i 'd jump ship in a heartbeat .
user-friendly . steps and groups are smart features ! options for repeat reminder are comprehensive . love the colors ! suggestions : 1. retain theme color for task . so when opening planned , easier to distunguish which tasks are under acads , orgs , etc . 2. a better font style for tasks . 3. planned . please classify next week to specific days . it will also be great if i will be able to move tasks from today to tuesday next week with a press , hold , and swipe . automatically updates the due date .
i have been using this app on my samsung for last 2 years , i have found good in it . it 's a good app for reminders and to do list . now i have changed to oppo a9 , the only issue i am facing , the reminders notifications which are not completed , disappear from my screen in the night same day . it 's annoying for me because i have to find those incomplete reminders in the app one by one and set them again . it would be fine , if unfinished tasks should not disappear . stars would be 5 : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : . thanks
its ok. i 've started using it when i found out wunderlist was going to end and be absorbed by microsoft . i 've used wunderlist for years so its a change . what i miss most is being able to manually adjust how my items were arranged i do n't care much for alphabetical ordering and going from oldest to newest or newest to oldest as the only other available options are a bit annoying . i liked being able to sort my items as needed on the daily but maybe that 's just me . i love 'd my lists and now meh .
it replaced wunderlist but actually the functionality was down graded . sharing is done with a link instead of directly with a contact
microsoft forces you to use your microsoft account to use it , then never keeps you logged in long enough to get notifications . sharing via text feels like i 'm back on my droid phone , and trying to get updates to shared lists suffers from the forced log outs as well . also ca n't customize `` smart lists '' that are stuck at the top . my day and tasks ? that 's the same thing for me , either let me put it at the bottom or let me remove them . microsoft took wunderlist and ruined it .
not as good as wunderlist . simple things make it less usable than its predecessor such as : 1. sharing internet page to a list and the list defaults to my day instead of one of your choice or the last one you opened - makes adding lots of pages in a row slow . 2. add new task from the widget puts it at the bottom of the list not the top . 3. marking a task with a star does n't move it to the top of the list . other than that it looks smart and imported my old wunderlist lists on 2nd attempt .
so as huge fan of wunderlist i was devastated to hear that it was going to cease . along comes to do . so most of it works similar to wunderlist which is good , but there 's little things i just do n't like . for example , when tapping on a list . boxes are too big and in your face , text too big also . main screen is ok. when ticking something off on a list how about something to divide to do and done from that list instead of everything together . give us more customisation options for sizes , colours etc
dear support ! it is a pity that microsoft is closing wunderlist , because that app is very simple to use and very fast . unfortunately your to do app is slower , there is not done job with hashtags . tasks need to be selected before moving . in wunderlist everything is much simpler and faster . guys please take good features from there . it is big pain to lose wunderlist . at least upgrade your app normally . thank you .
whilst * most * of he functionality is there , i preferred the look and feel of wunderlist much more .
still missing some things from wunderlist . notably email reminders which i really miss ( not always convenient to get reminders on my phone or install the app everywhere ) , email item to inbox , better sorting ( and as an added improvement please remember sorting by folder ) and add new task at top of list . a bit early to be claiming you can now do everything you could as clearly you ca n't . but hopefully getting there .
update : the accidental deletion problem described below is compounded by my now finding a `` confirm before deleting '' setting that simply does not work . the app is nice , but when starring or opening a list item it 's easy to delete it . that 's because deleting happens when you slide an item left , and that can happen by accident . either add a working setting to optionally require confirmations of deletes , or provide a trash can from which you can recover deleted items .
please make checkbox rectangle . its wierd to have a circle checkbox . feel like a bullet point but its not
near to ideal . but there is some shortage . for example there is no option in settings to add planned tasks to `` my day '' automatically . or people usually plan tonight for tomorrow . but when i at the end of the they add tasks to `` my day '' they add to today not tomorrow . there is must be an optional boundary time in settings that determine the end of day and after that adding tasks to my day '' go to tomorrow . another thing , i cant add `` step '' s to `` my day '' its important .
i miss wunderlist . do n't like this app because i ca n't copy a tasks or project by copying to another section . must write out in manually which is time consuming , plus app does n't let you cut and paste . too cumbersome , aloe and tedious . wunderlist was 10x what this app is . plus i could n't move everything over sho lo'day tons of notes . looking at evernote as a replacement .
actually a great app , i 'm migrating from wunderlist , and i love the option to add tasks from other lists to `` my day '' and focus on just those . the 3 stars are from glitches that i 'm experiencing , that just make it troublesome for smooth working . first is the `` from today '' tray that keeps coming up endlessly , needing me to force quit the app , only to have it happen repeatedly . secondly the widget that does n't update either tasks i 've added , or tasks i 've marked as completed in the app .
5 years after acquiring wunderlist , microsoft has still failed to replicate the great to do list manager . critical features missing include natural language support for due dates ( not available for android or desktop ) , grouping of lists , and email notifications for reminders . the app has come a long way but man , what a shame it 's taken 5 yrs and they still have n't even matched the old app and now they 're sunsetting wl . that 's 5 yrs which could have been used to enhance an already great app .
i like this application a lot . it is a very productive too . they only issue i have is with the notifications . they seem to quit working after a while . i do n't know what necessarily makes them start working again ... either starting the app back up , restarting my phone , or both . nothing else seems to have this issue .
i like this app but i want to make it where i can make it a daily a routine . so the due date should also have time .
as a to do list it works ok. devs need to allow manual sorting of priority though . i think this app has much greater potential if it were to be integrated with outlook including meetings & appointments along with tasks becoming more of an overall assistant rather than a to do list . one major gripe though , the point type on the widget is miniscule and barely readable .
i really miss some stuff what is available in wunderlist : 1 ) all the tasks in different lists that is available in the general task list ( not only.planned tasks ) 2 ) the option to show new task on top of list 3 ) option to move important tasks to the top 4 ) option to show task for the week . bring that ib and you will definitly get a 5
good app but i like wunderlist better . microsoft should have changed the name of wunderlist to microsoft to do , added their integrations , updated the program inline with user requests and it would be great ! the my day feature is odd since i plan my day the night before so my day events are gone the day i actually need them . i don ' use my day any longer , instead i use important and planner as a replacement for my day and i use task as an inbox .
the app is good . but it has a bug , i use poco f1 , in desktop widget , it many times stop showing tasks , just shows a black empty list . when we remove it , and add it back from widget list . it works for some days , but problem keeps on occuring times and again . please fix it .
leave it to microsoft to screw up wunderlist . i used it for my show notes while i was out and about . i could input my note and it would go to the top of the page . now it goes through the bottom and i have to drag every single note to the top . it 's annoying .
i love wunderlist , too bad need to transfer to microsoft to do . ui seems boring , & i tend to forget to use this app . just make it similar to wunderlist , the color wallpaper etc . microsoft ui is too simple , dark is too dark , bright is too boring . not customizable either . please improve it
gave it a chance . still quite raw . no proper planning and no way to see all tasks at once . please take some inspiration from any.do . win10 store application however is epic , the best . very bad that there is no tomorrow , and incomplete tasks from my day , disappear .
repeating tasks seriously need to be automatically added to 'my day ' view on their due date , each time . it would also be useful if there 's an additional option to automatically delete completed tasks , instead of just hiding them .
i prefer the simplicity and organization of the old wunderlist app over this new microsoft app .
from an old wunderkist fan : design and migration is nice thank you . please bring back weekly to do widget or at least make possible to select only `` earlier '' tasks to show up in widget . additionally , in widget if due date is passed please show the task in red color . thank you .
good , could be much better . missing the critical feature to sort first alphabetically and then display all incomplete tasks before all complete tasks . also , should have an option for the `` tasks '' in the to do lists to not appear as tasks in outlook/exchange !
poor - completed tasks stay within the list dotted all around , today shows items due tomorrow before thise due today , tasks dragged from one list to another stay in original list - not very useful , i 'm looking for an alternative
wunderlist was more user friendly . the application sticks on one screen and wo n't let you close out of a list . i have to close out application completely .
i 'm giving it three stars right now til i know how to properly use all the features , but so far it 's the best app i 've used so far . you can organize lists for home and work and other things so it 's not confusing and easy to set dates
great app , but there are constant bugs in the widget ( can not add tasks from the widget , selecting the list to display in the widget is too sensitive and often redirects you back to the app instead of the list select drop down ) .
not working on my chromebook . i can not open any lists to view the contents . edit : issue seems to be resolved in the latest update . though still only giving 3 stars since this is taking over wunderlists but is still comparatively lacking in design and ease of use .
everything thing is customizable but there is no timer i want timer for every sub task that i create every single task i do i want a time and daily stats for the same need to download some other providing the same for now when you include this mail me i will download again ! ! !
average at best . needs undo option or on touch and that task is lost among all the other completed tasks . needs links between tasks so dates can push out or come in . very basic , most will find themselves wanting more from a tasking app .
i preferred wunderlist . i wish ms kept more of its functionality .
i would like a + button easy to access when i open the app in order to add a quick reminder . i do n't get the concept of 'my day ' . i find annoying that you ca n't set up the deadline and reminder i one go .
this used to be great app for tasks , but with recent update , i can no longer move each task around in widget according to importance or my day . frustrating as i luv organizing each days tasks in order . not in wiget anymore .
you have not made it possible , as far as i can see , to assign certain tasks to separate people inside a list ...... when i go shopping with my husband he has his assigned items and i have my assigned items . if you have made it possible to do this then please let me know how to access it . i am not as happy with this app as i was with wunderlist and i 'm sorry to hear that you 're getting rid of the perfect app
i like it and to be honest for a free app it 's pretty good . my only gripe is that the home screen widget does n't update . however it 's good enough for me to leave tick tick !
nice app . however one important feature missing in app is you can not assign the task to some other person . this feature is there in desktop version and very useful in corporate environment .
easy to use but lacks neccessary functionality to make it really useful . needs to be able to pull thorough tasks into my day based on 'repeat ' and 'due date ' rather than having to maually add to my day .
not as useful as wunderlist ... yet ! ! would prefer to have a tab for the `` week '' . not just day , that way i can anticipate . also wish items would show up in my calendar .
this app would be perfect if it had a translucent widget . but naw , it 's got ta take up every pixel it can even when i got nothing to do . i do recommend it over others though .
i am examining the possibility of transferring from the excellent wunderlist app to this microsoft to do . it has been a challenge so far . question : how do i connect microsoft to do with google and samsung calendars just as we did with wunderlist ? thanks
missing some key features - having the ability to have the same task in multiple lists , and an 'undo ' button to undo completions/deletions done by mistake .
being constantly prompted to `` share list ! '' is a big pain in the butt . my wife and i share our info with each other , and it 's a big nag that may cause us to abandon ms todo .
when trying to add from the widget , it does not add to the selected list , instead it adds to tasks . very annoying . this makes the widget borderline useless .
there needs to be a feature to purge completed tasks . its cumbersome to to have to delete them one by one or by selected all and deselecting the upcoming tasks . potential to delete active tasks .
it 's finally getting better , although still does n't measure up to wunderlist . but the latest update broke the widget ! please fix !
i like this app . but it would be better if the duplicate list feature is included in the mobile version .
there 's a bug where i ca n't add tasks from the widget . tasks only get added if i actually open the app . pixel 3a . also items get added to the bottom of the list by default . what the hell , microsoft ?
feature request : natural language support : when typing 'today at 3 pm ' or 'tomorrow at 10 am ' , it should understand and set the due dates accordingly as in wunderlist .
can not share lists . send invitations from both directions , to lists imported from wunderlist . on both sides , get `` unavailable list ''
i 'm trying to add a task , press `` add button '' ( the arrow ) and the task just disappeares . quite simple functionality and even this with bugs
this app lacks a lot . : red_circle : if you make a mistake editing you ca n't recover ! ! ! this can cause the loss of important information .
missing obvious feature , take a photo and set a reminder . if it had that i would n't use google keep anymore . even evernote can do that .
good but preferred wunderlist before microsoft bought it out
decent app , my major problem with it is that i heavily use the app widget from the home screen but the widget is so buggy and it hides all my tasks randomly .
i really like the app , but you need to fix the reminders , they do n't work . it does n't pop up on time , and sometimes not at all .
sharing lists does n't work nearly as well as it did in wunderlist . otherwise ok .
it 's easy and friendly . simple and nice ui . i think it can be better if we define time for doing and the app suggest day or devided to some part . ...
widget does not update itself . shows up empty and had to replace everytime . refresh does n't work . on latest app and os .
it 's good but it needs to link to other ms desktop apps rather than online cloud ms. eg outlook opens in cloud not on desktop .
the app looks very ok but it lacks help or support portal . i have accidently hidden the smart list like the planned , how can i unhide them and also how can i assign task to my colleagues or employees ?
need to improve it .... multiple tasks can not be copied into a list ... user interface looks good ..
be better with text slightly smaller , as a simple list takes up more than a full screen ...
so close to being perfect , missing -tags -filters -reports will definitely be keeping an eye out for these !
worse than wunderlist , no optional add todos to top or bottom , so it 's pretty inconvenient for big lists .
i 'd mark it higher if the reminder/alarm could tell the time . the alerts pop up a good 15 - 45 minutes late .
app is working great except i can not see my tasks in my calendar . i 'll change it to 5 stars after this synching capability is added
is good standalone ... but : outlook integration is confusing and ineffective . i have to use onenote as my todo at work .
i suddenly ca n't login on my account and ca n't sync lists . suddenly it became so useless .
ca n't find a way for new entries to be added to the top of a list rather than bottom .
for some reason i ca n't exit the app which i press the back button on lenovo yoga smart tab ( only home or app-switch buttons ) please fix
wish microsoft could copy wunderlist features properly before killing it . i am already missing wunderlist .
the should be some kind of dashboard where as administrator monitor progress on particular tasks and also have tasks maned by two or more personal
the important smart list is all mixed up and does n't show which list each task is from .
but of a downgrade from wunderlist . please add a button to create a task from the main screen
i lost all my pictures that i had attached in wunderlist .
5 stars if option available that will allow tasks to automatically show under my day for the due date or reminder date scheduled .
needs to have feature where you add the next item to the top of the list not the bottom - widget version
the lines on the to do page makes me wan na touch those to start typing . but , only the '+ ' addition is permitted
wish they add : copy paste function remind specified time before due date options
widget does n't work properly . pls fix it . mi a2 lite . android one
1. i did n't get the desktop icon . 2. we tried sharing for shopping but it did n't sync .
please provide a 'today ' smart list that shows items due today . it should not be necessary to manually add tasks to a today list . that 's a waste of everyone 's time .
no email notifications for scheduled tasks ! not good .
missing integration with google calendar .
this app is pretty good and works well but i was wondering if you could make the designing as well as the app on the web .
just started using it , i am more use to wunderlist , but surely i am going to love using to-do and it will be great
when the system is set to dark theme the home screen widget fails to display the list correctly
add `` all tasks '' , as it was in wunderlist
please make an google account login , tired of microsoft auth shenanigans .
there was n't a synchronization between the app and outlook mail calendar .
this app needs a combined list of all accounts to make it usable ...
this app is a tiny and easy to master planner and organizer . the interface is neat , and it has amoled dark theme . everything is fine until i noticed that repeating tasks are not being repeated when there is no internet connection , which is for a traveller , is a hassle . i wish repeating tasks can be repeated again on the next day once checked even if the device is not connected to the internet .
cool app but widgets stopped working so makes it pointless to keep
while i love this app , there are a few things that i would like to see before i can give it five stars . the first being i would like for a right click to work the same as a long press , so that the app can be used on chromebooks comfortably .
informative but extremely slow .
i am a long time user and lover of wunderlis , the predecessor of this app . and i like the new concept , i was using the old app as a to do list as well but there are a few things i take issue with : 1. you can not reange the order of your tasks . 2. in every list you have to check the box : make finished tasks invisible/visible . the combination of the 2 make it impossible to stay organized . i hope they fix this stuff soon , i do n't see any reason why this is n't already a feature .
the app is great , and i´ve started to use it rather than wunderlist . just 3 stars because i don´t think the my day section makes sense . tasks flagged as to be done today , in others lists , should appear in my day , as those are the tasks for today , seems my day only considers tasks added specifically to that list , and that makes it confusing and redundant , as in planned , the right logic is applied , where you see planned tasks for today and ahead . shouldn´t the same logic apply to the my day window ? or i am doing something wrong ?
much prefer the look/layout of wunderlist . lots of little things in to do that are n't as good as wunderlist and it 's a huge shame that it is being retired for this . as a minimum , everyone should have the option of making it look exactly the same so we do n't notice the difference . as it is , the text is too big , extra items that ca n't be turned off such as 'my day ' clutter the screen and it just does n't look/feel as good . shame
a tease . i converted from wunderlist to todo only when i read that i could send my family members lists . when the link is clicked on it states that the `` list is not available now '' and `` '' it 's not you . it 's us . '' then i read that members have to be on the same account . i like the new todo but i have tasks and lists assigned to others but no way to communicate that .
i recently changed from wunderlist . i had no problems whatsoever with wunderlist it 's perfect for me . today i needed to use my to-do list and it has signed me out ! ! ! . after a load of mucking around with passwords i finally got into it but it was too late to do the task that was required .
really like the account switch function , really smooth . but as a wunderlist user , i really wish i have option to change back to old interface . wish for more flexibility on the menu , especially that `` my day '' fuction quite annoying . that is the function i used least but showed on top of everything and ca n't hide it
please use wunderlist ' s ui ! starred items move to top , and the division between « done » and « to do » tasks was perfect for groceries lists . it destroys the purpose of these functions otherwise .
what i am missing the most is , that i can´t open it directly in web browser just with my login without installing anything . in big industry companies is not alowed to install anything , what is not fully authorized by central it department . i used wunderlist in my browser ( app in chrome was possible to install without any permission ) , but i can´t use it now in my work browser . just in my private smartphone . by transferring wunderlist tasks some old and completed tasks are transferred as uncompleted . so , 3 stars for now .
had to create microsoft account to use which annoyed me , however , can use gmail account and can import from wunderlist which is a plus . also signed in on a different device that i have office suite on . next time i signed into outlook with work credentials , to do signed me out . now ca n't sign into app on my phone , so weird !
this app keeps getting closed in the background on a clean android . i 'm using it on oneplus 7 with android 9. reminder notification does n't show up at the time i set . also , adding task is pretty absurd . please make it look like wunderlist . with a simple button and lot of features at hand in a big space .
no auto/custom tags ? ! ! ! really ? ?
how come you ca n't rearrange things in all the list ? : frowning_face_with_open_mouth :
inspite of the event or task completed tasks being shown on the list . as per the reminders and their timing auto arrangements of list is not there . the first and most early created event is reflecting on the top rather than time based or priority based . if an event created on my day if that was not completed , its not getting carried over to next day as due .
a nice , userfriendly application to organise our to dos and reminders . but please try to add a seperate smart list and a widget called `` today '' ( and `` week '' too ) , to view all our to dos and reminders with today as due date . this is available in wunderlist . because of this one feature i would prefer wunderlist , when compared to microsoft to do .
it 's no wunderlist . needs a quick add button on the app 's home screen . reminder notifications disappeared when i opened the app . i dislike that i am forced to use microsoft account to use the app . other than these issues , it 's alright .
this is a good app but the list i shared with my friend did not sync . when i completed some of the task , i click complete but my friend still view it as not complete .
overall , app is great . but the worst part is changes are not synced between android and ios devices . that 's really annoying and causes issues if you rely on todo . but if you can not rely , this app does n't make any sense .
please add an option to enable things in the 'planned ' to 'my day ' makes life a lot easier . it 'll make the app less stubborn and more user friendly !
can not duplicate a list
i tried it since it had integrated many features from wunderlist . it still falls short . there is no option to view all to do 's at once . that was the main killer for me . i 'm sticking with wunderlist .
a nice slick design , but ticked off tasks are displayed on the list of tasks i have to do . new tasks are also added to the bottom of the task list . this is annoying and i would like there to be a setting to adjust this .
i love this app . i use it for everything . except every new day , the widget is blank . i go to the app , check the list , confirm i have things to do , go back to my homescreen , and it is still ... blank .
widget is not informative . it shows a text of a task but not date and time . that is not comfortable . user has to open task to see when it is scheduled . google tasks widget is much better in this case .
this is all well and good but it does n't tell me how to use to do to do anything . like making separate list or subcategories for each list ?
i do n't mind the switch from wunderlist , but to do is missing the thing i use most ... which is the list of things i have to do today it was so much easier in wunderlist everything else is basically the same but i see no benefit to changing this most fundamental of features in wunderlist
app is okay , but ba can still enhance this app by adding more features to make it more user friendly . for example : allow the user to drag and drop tasks to their desired schedule or list .
the ability to add due dates and times to sub-tasks is a crucial feature that 's missing . other than that , the app is great . 5 stars when this feature is rolled out .
needs some adjustments . in wunderlist if anyone made any changes to the notes it would be broadcasted to everyone or at least to the person that record within the list belonged to . we might just got back to wunderlist .
can not show all task of different accounts in widgets ?
my experience of being on wunderlist was far superior , at least you should have replicated the look and feel . why kill wunderlist ?
app is great though some improvements can be done . i do n't know if it 's only me or its the for everyone , i am a bit confused with how repeat works .
decent , but wunderlist seemed easier to use and felt more intuitive . also find that i have to sync manually in this app for others to see my updates ( that 's a pain ) .
clear and easy to use but does n't sync well between pc and phone
a ) add shortcut to home screen is broken on my pixel 3. b ) please add `` delete all completed task '' to overflow menu ( besides the hide feature ) c ) widgets are seriously broken ; their color/theme is incorrect ( white but should be dark ) and widget is empty even though list it shows is not
we need an option to send and link a task with other people , i.e sending it to them via email . this then should automatically update on your account when the other person makes changed to that specific task .
love it , only thing missing is a `` uncomplete all '' - in the interest of recycling and re-using lists ! cheers .
why do n't you remove the task after it 's completed ? we have recurring weekly tasks and when we check it off , you have to manually remove the task from the list . am i supposed to have like 80 completed tasks like a psychopath ? : grinning_squinting_face : i like things uncluttered . i might be able to let it go if i did n't get a notification every time my husband removes an item because he 's equally neurotic ? i ca n't change notification settings for that either . i want to be notified of task completion , not removal .
nice , but without calendar integration it is still incomplete .
love it , but it is n't an add in on outlook . it 's forcing me to use wunderlist because i like the feature of it syncing with my outlook calendar .
there are functions available that i ca n't find out how it works ... i.e . assign to me . otherwise just what i needed . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
so far im loving it , but i could not find a setting to change first day of the week from sunday to monday , which is very confusing . please add this feature !
not bad but wunderlist is better . like wunderlist graphics and layout better . want folders to be collapsed or even better a setting that lets me choose .
it 's very basic . why does n't it have a calendar view if i want to take a look at my week ? overall nice interface though
please add folders . wanderlust has folders . it 's an important feature for me otherwise theres too much lists to manage .
not as good as wünderlist sadly .
as a replacement for wunderlist this is ok , but needs a faster way to share lists to known people rather than sending a new invite per list .
the widget goes blank every now and then . it displays just empty grey spaces instead of my tasks
~ becoming better and better than before , but still ca n't fully compatible with tasks in outlook on windows . looking for to a full functional outlook on android .
it is a cosy and user-friendly to-do app !
dark mode - done . but why on earth in 2020 i still ca n't rearrange my sticky notes ? ?
the app itself is fine , but the widget is spotty - greetings shows my tasks and other times does not . no real rhyme or reason to why the tasks wo n't show .
the widget is not working at all , this is a great app but the widget displays like if there was nothing when there is
wunderlist was easy and intutive , do n't have to scroll through all the lists to figure out if anything is due or over due
i really want to like this app , but crashes a lot . worse , i deleted multiple messages at once , and it deleted messages i did n't select .
the app is easy to use , but lacks the ability to list a task into multiple groups/categorize , to move an existing task into a group/category , and to group by categories in daily to-do lists . the category issue is a big deficit . it 's hard to plan without it . ( the flexibility with categories is what makes outlook so outstanding -- such a shame not to find it it 's `` sister app . '' )
good but could be better . it works well and is very similar to wunderlist , however it 's very annoying that the reminders disappear from the notification bar if you have n't completed your task in a day . so you have to reschedule every day . would be great if this could be fixed .
i lost all my pictures that i had attached in wunderlist .
please make checkbox rectangle . its wierd to have a circle checkbox . feel like a bullet point but its not
ok , works like wunderlist , which was wonder-ful , except it does n't integrate with google calendar . wth ?
not able to see flagged emails which are overdue or which are due after tomorrow . it would be great if we are able to see all the flagged emails at one place
good .
update 02.04.20. i was using this for a while but i returned to my old task manager of 15 years ( updated versions of course ) . i like this out because it syncs between android and my macbook pro . works a charm . only issue - does n't handle recurring tasks such as `` recurs on the second tuesday of the month . ... '' etc . simple recurring tasks are fine ( every second monday ) . overall very good . easy to use . once recurring tasks are implemented completely this will be superior !
ok , but feels like untested alpha state software . tricky to navigate quickly when called from a widget , direct call entry for phone calls seems to be missing ( though that 's the first thing one needs in a todo list ) , sorting tasks is either impossible or a well hidden feature , sharing and assigning is very rudimentary .
migrating from wunderlist could n't have been more painful . first i had to open microsoft account just for this app . then , importing from wunderlist messed up owners , all lists that were shared to me ended up as mine , i had to re share them to the original owner again . anyone invited to the list must have ms accounts , i had people leaving because of this . and i do n't get any notifications when people add new tasks . it may look the same as wunderlist , but the app is starting to annoy me ...
i preferred wunderlist . i wish ms kept more of its functionality .
its good . the only thing that is missing is the time inclusion . like at what time a particular task is planned . if that can be added , it would be perfect . it would be like a personal calendar and activity planner together . i hope that can be added .
good but preferred wunderlist before microsoft bought it out
never used instant delete
disappointing and unreliable . it 's sad to see this app struggles to be as great as its predecessor : wunderlist . if you set a daily reminder and one day forget to mark it as complete , the app will not remind you again about it . if the due date and reminder date are different you will not be reminded about the task . i do n't care if i 'm receiving a notification about a thing i had to do 3 weeks ago i just wan na be reminded . no one is this strict with dates . i hope this helps improve the app .
resulta incómoda y da pereza usarla . falta mucho por mejorar . la actualización automática de mi día hace muchísima falta y básicamente uno se tiene que acostumbrar a la app en vez de que a uno le guste .
this app is great , but please add the copy list feature on android too , and also `` uncheck all '' feature so i can reuse a routine list without uncheking all one by one
mostly really good , great for sharing tasks between people/phones/desktops , but the widgets on android keep clearing themselves and have to be re-added to work again , and repeating tasks constantly change the day they alert you on , reminding me the day after or before i set them to . i keep having to edit them back again . really frustrating . what 's the point in a daily reminder if it keeps changing to try and alert you the day before it existed ? edit : and again , anytime there 's a clock change ! ! !
add sub task option ...
i like this app but i want to make it where i can make it a daily a routine . so the due date should also have time .
before this , l used wunderlist solely for my do listn i used workflowy for ongoing notes and events throughout the years . i ike this app , but if you do n't get everything done yesterday 's then my day iwhen you wake up the next day , my day is blank . imagine making to do list on a posted note and the next morning it was blank ? that 's not saving me time . do n't know why they did n't put that in when developing the app .
please add a transparent widet . swipe to finish tasks would also be nice . it would be really great if we could add comments to individual tasks .
easy to use , intuitive , has issues to share the kist woth somebidy if one of the use is using a school or work account . non collaborative .
coming from wunderlist , i am disappointed . so much wasted space in the user interface and no way to make elements smaller . the overall look is also less slick . it really is a `` to do '' app while i 'm looking for a listing app . will have to find an alternative .
it 's good . but coming from wunderljst the spacing in this app between task is too big . when having many task . the list get unnecessary long and cluttered . please adjust or make it adjustable . will rate 5 stars if adjusted .
good enough for a to-do list app . a few additional features would make it even better though : option to re-arrange list ; rename/edit an existing item ; add a note or comment on an item ; sync interval to save battery life
can not show all task of different accounts in widgets ?
please add a calendar . it would be great to have outlook calendar sync to it . having to use outlook calendar & microsoft to do is a bit of a pain . all in one app would be perfect . some people need to actually see their calendar , so planned and tasks do n't really work , although it is a great idea .
long time wunderlist user here . what i feel that can definitely be improved is the snappiness with which each task list opens - right now there 's always a small loading delay when clicking on a given list .
not as good as wünderlist sadly .
wunderlist was more user friendly . the application sticks on one screen and wo n't let you close out of a list . i have to close out application completely .
it replaced wunderlist but actually the functionality was down graded . sharing is done with a link instead of directly with a contact
ok
the feature that i liked in wunderlist is that you could move items around on your list manually . this is missing from this app .
ok
in middle
this app is pretty good and works well but i was wondering if you could make the designing as well as the app on the web .
++ bug : confirm to delete does n't appear after swipe to delete action , but does appear during select item/menu delete . should n't it be the other way around ? ( easier to accidentally swipe ) or for both ? ++ pls add animation to indicate syncing progress so we know when we can force quit ++ pls add option to add tasks to top of list ++ sorting seems random when choosing to show completed tasks ; should n't all completed tasks be stacked under non completed ? or is it chrono but we ca n't see it ?
please at least put an option to use the previous theme . i like the previous one with flat design ( minimalist ) . if you could also put a feature to have other place a comment on our list , that would be great . kindly prioritize the option to use the minimalist/flat design theme ... it is less distracting which makes me more productive . i recommended this to my friends because of its design ... good thing my other device is not set to auto update .. i was able to retain the previous version ...
yas
on wunderlist , your starred/prioritsed list would break down into the original lists they came from - now they all melt together . on the starred/prioritised list you could also reshuffle jobs by holding down - now you ca n't .
awesome app , if you could add undo feature : if we make any changes to the todo unexpectedly and press back then it saves it and we can not find what was the original memo .
there are functions available that i ca n't find out how it works ... i.e . assign to me . otherwise just what i needed . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
continue to get sync error on this app only . can use web and see tasks . can not figure out how to fix . i 've uninstalled this app sever times , logged in , logged out , stopped app , cleared cache , etc . nothing corrects it .
there is no ability to comment like in wunderlist . had to individually share all my synced lists with my husband and then he had to accept and delete all the doubles . should have just been able to share links with another user .
i love how the app is almost exactly like the last one . the only irritating thing is that the `` show completed ... '' button is no longer at the bottom of the list . this button was used so much due to my fingers accidentally completing a task . i would just hit the 'show completed ' button and my most recent item would be at the top ready to re-add to my list . now we need to go through a few buttons to find it and it does n't bring up the most recently deleted item . very irritating !
app did not properly import all data from wunderlist as microsoft claimed it would . all of my 'created dates ' for items in my list got wiped amd set to the current month day and year of when i did the import a couple days ago . this would seem to be a simple table record to grab from the wunderlist database , to transfer over to to do . i would expect a cleaner and better qa 'd experience from a company like microsoft . this is as of build # 151 .
fine app , but i 'm getting really tired of being forced to use a microsoft account everywhere
# list # to-do
do n't use it much
potrebbe essere interessante ma molto lontano da wunderlist . e ' molto tempo che è partito il progetto e non capisco come non si sia riusciti a catturare le cose positive di wunderlist ed inserirle in questa nuova app . delete è troppo definitivo , creare un trash per recuperare le note e magari con cancellazione a tempo . ho scaricato anche la versione desktop ed ha dei problemi che vado a segnalare . al momento la tengo in stand-by in attesa di verificare le future release .
no sweet thanks
i miss the today , week & all shortcuts that wunderlist had at the top . the planned replacement is not as easy to view or follow my week ahead at a glance . the automated transfer seems to have worked well so far . update : sharing lists previously shared with my wife now creates a double so that needs to be fixed asap . wunderlist would randomly delete scheduled reminders in bulk , hopefully to do has put a stop to that .
mostly works well , but i am rather disappointed with the syncing issues my wife and i are experiencing . i 'm unsure as to what microsoft has changed from the `` wunderlist '' app that i 've been forced to switch from , but this app does not work as quickly and nicely as wunderlist did , which i had been using for 2 to 3 years constantly because it worked so well . please revise this app so that connectivity problems from servers can be solved . i am unable to sync some/all of my shared lists .
appears to work the same as wunderlist , and imports your lists , but if several people share a list , you ca n't share it anymore .
no auto/custom tags ? ! ! ! really ? ?
has a lot of potential
very good app
forced to migrate . i 'm annoyed that you ca n't drag and arrange tasks manually if `` sort by '' is on . i need to be able to arrange tomorrow 's tasks in the order i want to do them , not whatever order the app decides .
it 's ok. when we imported our list from wunderlist the list was duplicated . my husband and i share a list for shopping . when we connected through this new app every item on the list was duplicated . frustrating to clean up .
still has bugs that wunderlist did not . for instance , the widget that i usually keep on my launcher with lists of things to do oftentimes goes blank and stops working . i 'm totally fine with replacing a product with a more modern offering , but it needs to work properly .
i prefer wunderlist since you can move around the tasks but app does n't allow that flexibility ; only broad sorting features .
please , please ... weekly plan ! ! ! !
i love wunderlist . one huge feature that to do is missing is i ca n't manually reorder individual tasks in the list . i used to be able to move it up and down according to the order i want it done .
i prefer the simplicity and organization of the old wunderlist app over this new microsoft app .
i like this app . but it would be better if the duplicate list feature is included in the mobile version .
i am setting daily targets , it means when i open the app i should able to see it as a list , weekly target /monthly targets/yearly targets are to be alrady suppose to be designed , my work is assingining task i suppose wishing to add for daily or weekly or monthly or yearly targets
not happy that when a new task is entered it goes to the bottom of the list instead of automatically to the top like it did in wunderlist . it 's crazy that you have to drag every entry to the top of your list .
whilst * most * of he functionality is there , i preferred the look and feel of wunderlist much more .
enquanto o sistema não oferecer no mínimo todas as opções oferecidas pelo wunderlist ( extensões ) não fará sentido ter os comprado . a funcionalidade `` meu dia '' é boa , mas não faz sentido . façam com que tarefas que estejam agendadas para o dia sejam automaticamente adicionadas no `` meu dia '' .
how come you ca n't rearrange things in all the list ? : frowning_face_with_open_mouth :
still frustratingly basic compared to todoist . i 'd love to move over and consolidate within the microsoft ecosystem , but there 's still so many quality of life areas that are lacking in to do . can i suggest starting with natural language support for setting up tasks though ? it makes it so much quicker to use .
1. i did n't get the desktop icon . 2. we tried sharing for shopping but it did n't sync .
you have not made it possible , as far as i can see , to assign certain tasks to separate people inside a list ...... when i go shopping with my husband he has his assigned items and i have my assigned items . if you have made it possible to do this then please let me know how to access it . i am not as happy with this app as i was with wunderlist and i 'm sorry to hear that you 're getting rid of the perfect app
feature request : natural language support : when typing 'today at 3 pm ' or 'tomorrow at 10 am ' , it should understand and set the due dates accordingly as in wunderlist .
how about letting us pick from a custom color palette for each list . the supplied ones are insipid and limited . also , sharing . my wife and i keep getting this message when trying to share lists ( not all of them - just some , go figure ) : unavailable list - it looks like this list is n't available . try contacting the person who invited you . err , okay , then what ? bringing over shared lists from wunderlist is a disaster . utterly out of sync .
missing integration with google calendar .
can not share lists . send invitations from both directions , to lists imported from wunderlist . on both sides , get `` unavailable list ''
sharing lists does n't work nearly as well as it did in wunderlist . otherwise ok .
i need the facility to create a new list by duplicating an existing one as available in wunderlist . i am unable to find it in this app .
please make an google account login , tired of microsoft auth shenanigans .
add `` all tasks '' , as it was in wunderlist
for anyone who wants to manually order your list , just long press the task and drag/drop it . it 's really easy . my 3 out of 5 is because the widget seems broken . i have a large 3 x 3 widget to see my planned tasks . the list randomly disappears in the widget . open the app and it 's still there . go to the widget it 's still missing . randomly it comes back . if this gets fixed , it 'll be 5 of 5 .
easy to use but lacks neccessary functionality to make it really useful . needs to be able to pull thorough tasks into my day based on 'repeat ' and 'due date ' rather than having to maually add to my day .
this used to be great app for tasks , but with recent update , i can no longer move each task around in widget according to importance or my day . frustrating as i luv organizing each days tasks in order . not in wiget anymore .
very redundant
easy to use
poor - completed tasks stay within the list dotted all around , today shows items due tomorrow before thise due today , tasks dragged from one list to another stay in original list - not very useful , i 'm looking for an alternative
have not used the app ...
not happy with the switch from wunderlist . why did you remove the option to assign a list to a group at the time you are creating a new list ? it is cumbersome and time consuming to have to drag the list to a new group , especially when you have numerous groups and lists as i do and i move them often . what a pain !
dont have a microsoft account
i am examining the possibility of transferring from the excellent wunderlist app to this microsoft to do . it has been a challenge so far . question : how do i connect microsoft to do with google and samsung calendars just as we did with wunderlist ? thanks
i love the idea of this app but it seems to have issues syncing . i have the app integrated with my office 365 account and have it installed on my desktop as well . when i update tasks on my phone app , it does n't consistantly sync to office . same thing for my desktop app . i end up having to adjust each platform separately . not smart at all .
i like this application a lot . it is a very productive too . they only issue i have is with the notifications . they seem to quit working after a while . i do n't know what necessarily makes them start working again ... either starting the app back up , restarting my phone , or both . nothing else seems to have this issue .
good.one
good , mazeed behtri lai ja sakti hai .
5 years after acquiring wunderlist , microsoft has still failed to replicate the great to do list manager . critical features missing include natural language support for due dates ( not available for android or desktop ) , grouping of lists , and email notifications for reminders . the app has come a long way but man , what a shame it 's taken 5 yrs and they still have n't even matched the old app and now they 're sunsetting wl . that 's 5 yrs which could have been used to enhance an already great app .
but of a downgrade from wunderlist . please add a button to create a task from the main screen
any plans of allowing sub tasks to show up in the widget ?
actually a great app , i 'm migrating from wunderlist , and i love the option to add tasks from other lists to `` my day '' and focus on just those . the 3 stars are from glitches that i 'm experiencing , that just make it troublesome for smooth working . first is the `` from today '' tray that keeps coming up endlessly , needing me to force quit the app , only to have it happen repeatedly . secondly the widget that does n't update either tasks i 've added , or tasks i 've marked as completed in the app .
it is a cosy and user-friendly to-do app !
missing obvious feature , take a photo and set a reminder . if it had that i would n't use google keep anymore . even evernote can do that .
its ok. i 've started using it when i found out wunderlist was going to end and be absorbed by microsoft . i 've used wunderlist for years so its a change . what i miss most is being able to manually adjust how my items were arranged i do n't care much for alphabetical ordering and going from oldest to newest or newest to oldest as the only other available options are a bit annoying . i liked being able to sort my items as needed on the daily but maybe that 's just me . i love 'd my lists and now meh .
does not support advanced repetition like `` every last friday ''
dark mode - done . but why on earth in 2020 i still ca n't rearrange my sticky notes ? ?
helpful
there 's an option to add multiple accounts . but it keeps getting sign out .
average at best . needs undo option or on touch and that task is lost among all the other completed tasks . needs links between tasks so dates can push out or come in . very basic , most will find themselves wanting more from a tasking app .
why there is n't a automatic completed task deleter like feature
widget does n't work properly . pls fix it . mi a2 lite . android one
please provide a 'today ' smart list that shows items due today . it should not be necessary to manually add tasks to a today list . that 's a waste of everyone 's time .
overall , the app does what it 's supposed to do , but a few quality of life features would go a long way - for one , a list for `` later this week '' would be nice , as would the ability to nest lists more than one deep . however , the achilles ' heel of the system is definitely its sync . syncing frequently fails or takes forever , and is often too slow between devices to make the most of the other capabilities of the app . honestly if a better option came out i 'd jump ship in a heartbeat .
not so helpful . but the app is good .
i love wunderlist , too bad need to transfer to microsoft to do . ui seems boring , & i tend to forget to use this app . just make it similar to wunderlist , the color wallpaper etc . microsoft ui is too simple , dark is too dark , bright is too boring . not customizable either . please improve it
there was n't a synchronization between the app and outlook mail calendar .
decent app , my major problem with it is that i heavily use the app widget from the home screen but the widget is so buggy and it hides all my tasks randomly .
this app needs a combined list of all accounts to make it usable ...
5 stars if option available that will allow tasks to automatically show under my day for the due date or reminder date scheduled .
it did improve over time , but still needs things like `` every other day '' , `` 5th ( or last ) friday of the month '' , `` every 3 months '' , etc . went back to `` tasks & notes for office 365 '' . much better . i 'd this gets that good , i 'll be back .
i really like the app , but you need to fix the reminders , they do n't work . it does n't pop up on time , and sometimes not at all .
great app because i can keep all of my tasks synchronized to my laptop . great for a student . but on mobile i ca n't create new tasks with a custom due date , because the keyboard does n't go away in the calender to chose and i ca n't select any other dates than those in the first week , ca n't even reach the save/select button . simple fixable error but it infuriates me every time it comes up .
leave it to microsoft to screw up wunderlist . i used it for my show notes while i was out and about . i could input my note and it would go to the top of the page . now it goes through the bottom and i have to drag every single note to the top . it 's annoying .
app is working great except i can not see my tasks in my calendar . i 'll change it to 5 stars after this synching capability is added
hi . we migrated our lists from wunderlist . we use shared list but now even we shared the lists that were previously shared , they do not sync , so other people do n't see the completed items . if they assign a task , they ca n't see it completed . there are duplicate lists with the same name , one is shared , the other one is not . when creating new shared lists , the people who received the invitation are unable to join . they see an error `` list unavailable '' i tried support , but unavailable .
i suddenly ca n't login on my account and ca n't sync lists . suddenly it became so useless .
i would like a + button easy to access when i open the app in order to add a quick reminder . i do n't get the concept of 'my day ' . i find annoying that you ca n't set up the deadline and reminder i one go .
is good standalone ... but : outlook integration is confusing and ineffective . i have to use onenote as my todo at work .
al migrar de wunderlist encontré varios elementos . 1 ) en las listas compartidas se duplicaron las tareas . 2 ) en el widget no hay indicador de tareas vencidas , en wunderlist se mostraba la fecha en rojo . esto último sí se muestra en to do pero dentro de la aplicación y no en el widget . ese indicador visual hace falta . 3 ) hay mayor configuración del widget de wunderlist . 4 ) las tareas vencidas de la lista `` planned '' no se muestran organizadas por fecha de vencimiento . aún no me voy a pasar a to do .
dear support ! it is a pity that microsoft is closing wunderlist , because that app is very simple to use and very fast . unfortunately your to do app is slower , there is not done job with hashtags . tasks need to be selected before moving . in wunderlist everything is much simpler and faster . guys please take good features from there . it is big pain to lose wunderlist . at least upgrade your app normally . thank you .
i miss wunderlist . do n't like this app because i ca n't copy a tasks or project by copying to another section . must write out in manually which is time consuming , plus app does n't let you cut and paste . too cumbersome , aloe and tedious . wunderlist was 10x what this app is . plus i could n't move everything over sho lo'day tons of notes . looking at evernote as a replacement .
not as good as wunderlist . simple things make it less usable than its predecessor such as : 1. sharing internet page to a list and the list defaults to my day instead of one of your choice or the last one you opened - makes adding lots of pages in a row slow . 2. add new task from the widget puts it at the bottom of the list not the top . 3. marking a task with a star does n't move it to the top of the list . other than that it looks smart and imported my old wunderlist lists on 2nd attempt .
you can put tasks on
still missing some things from wunderlist . notably email reminders which i really miss ( not always convenient to get reminders on my phone or install the app everywhere ) , email item to inbox , better sorting ( and as an added improvement please remember sorting by folder ) and add new task at top of list . a bit early to be claiming you can now do everything you could as clearly you ca n't . but hopefully getting there .
i 'd mark it higher if the reminder/alarm could tell the time . the alerts pop up a good 15 - 45 minutes late .
widget does not update itself . shows up empty and had to replace everytime . refresh does n't work . on latest app and os .
this app lacks a lot . : red_circle : if you make a mistake editing you ca n't recover ! ! ! this can cause the loss of important information .
can not duplicate a list
the important smart list is all mixed up and does n't show which list each task is from .
good , could be much better . missing the critical feature to sort first alphabetically and then display all incomplete tasks before all complete tasks . also , should have an option for the `` tasks '' in the to do lists to not appear as tasks in outlook/exchange !
needs to have feature where you add the next item to the top of the list not the bottom - widget version
so as huge fan of wunderlist i was devastated to hear that it was going to cease . along comes to do . so most of it works similar to wunderlist which is good , but there 's little things i just do n't like . for example , when tapping on a list . boxes are too big and in your face , text too big also . main screen is ok. when ticking something off on a list how about something to divide to do and done from that list instead of everything together . give us more customisation options for sizes , colours etc
the lines on the to do page makes me wan na touch those to start typing . but , only the '+ ' addition is permitted
ca n't find a way for new entries to be added to the top of a list rather than bottom .
i would really like to see the inbox feature in wunderlist brought over . there is currently no efficient way to quickly add tasks so you can sort/organize them later . on the main page , there is only an add list button , and i do n't want to add everything to my day . this gets cluttered and messy . it would also be nice if tasks that you have assigned for a certain day are automatically added to my day , instead of having to go through and look for tasks that are due and add them to my day manually .
the should be some kind of dashboard where as administrator monitor progress on particular tasks and also have tasks maned by two or more personal
wish microsoft could copy wunderlist features properly before killing it . i am already missing wunderlist .
there needs to be a feature to purge completed tasks . its cumbersome to to have to delete them one by one or by selected all and deselecting the upcoming tasks . potential to delete active tasks .
no email notifications for scheduled tasks ! not good .
it 's suitable for reminders and tasks if you 're already in the microsoft/office 365 ecosystem . i just do n't need another account-based service to make grocery lists .
from an old wunderkist fan : design and migration is nice thank you . please bring back weekly to do widget or at least make possible to select only `` earlier '' tasks to show up in widget . additionally , in widget if due date is passed please show the task in red color . thank you .
worse than wunderlist , no optional add todos to top or bottom , so it 's pretty inconvenient for big lists .
near to ideal . but there is some shortage . for example there is no option in settings to add planned tasks to `` my day '' automatically . or people usually plan tonight for tomorrow . but when i at the end of the they add tasks to `` my day '' they add to today not tomorrow . there is must be an optional boundary time in settings that determine the end of day and after that adding tasks to my day '' go to tomorrow . another thing , i cant add `` step '' s to `` my day '' its important .
just started using it , i am more use to wunderlist , but surely i am going to love using to-do and it will be great
be better with text slightly smaller , as a simple list takes up more than a full screen ...
would have given more stars if the add folder option was not removed from the original wunderlist to do list . i also used to be able to take photos offline and they will be automatically uploaded when i 'm online . now i must be online to even use my camera . i also do not like the idea that when you add a new note or something it stays at the bottom . these notes should automatically move to the top like how it did in wunderlist . otherwise the app is helpful for most of what i do .
this app would be perfect if it had a translucent widget . but naw , it 's got ta take up every pixel it can even when i got nothing to do . i do recommend it over others though .
when the system is set to dark theme the home screen widget fails to display the list correctly
try on .
`` to do '' , huh ? ? `` yeah , well hell yeah , join the team , everyone else has ! check in at .... '' etc. , etc . now , back to american terrorism . `` the way i see it , hamilton .... ''
need to improve it .... multiple tasks can not be copied into a list ... user interface looks good ..
i suggest you add sub-tasks feature
i really miss some stuff what is available in wunderlist : 1 ) all the tasks in different lists that is available in the general task list ( not only.planned tasks ) 2 ) the option to show new task on top of list 3 ) option to move important tasks to the top 4 ) option to show task for the week . bring that ib and you will definitly get a 5
why we ca n't sync sharepoint task list with this or any other task management app . ?
the app is good . but it has a bug , i use poco f1 , in desktop widget , it many times stop showing tasks , just shows a black empty list . when we remove it , and add it back from widget list . it works for some days , but problem keeps on occuring times and again . please fix it .
could be improved dramatically considering i 'm in love wit microsoft
i have been using this app on my samsung for last 2 years , i have found good in it . it 's a good app for reminders and to do list . now i have changed to oppo a9 , the only issue i am facing , the reminders notifications which are not completed , disappear from my screen in the night same day . it 's annoying for me because i have to find those incomplete reminders in the app one by one and set them again . it would be fine , if unfinished tasks should not disappear . stars would be 5 : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : . thanks
as a to do list it works ok. devs need to allow manual sorting of priority though . i think this app has much greater potential if it were to be integrated with outlook including meetings & appointments along with tasks becoming more of an overall assistant rather than a to do list . one major gripe though , the point type on the widget is miniscule and barely readable .
everything thing is customizable but there is no timer i want timer for every sub task that i create every single task i do i want a time and daily stats for the same need to download some other providing the same for now when you include this mail me i will download again ! ! !
missing some key features - having the ability to have the same task in multiple lists , and an 'undo ' button to undo completions/deletions done by mistake .
gave it a chance . still quite raw . no proper planning and no way to see all tasks at once . please take some inspiration from any.do . win10 store application however is epic , the best . very bad that there is no tomorrow , and incomplete tasks from my day , disappear .
great app , but there are constant bugs in the widget ( can not add tasks from the widget , selecting the list to display in the widget is too sensitive and often redirects you back to the app instead of the list select drop down ) .
it 's good but it needs to link to other ms desktop apps rather than online cloud ms. eg outlook opens in cloud not on desktop .
i like it and to be honest for a free app it 's pretty good . my only gripe is that the home screen widget does n't update . however it 's good enough for me to leave tick tick !
nice , but without calendar integration it is still incomplete .
i 'm trying to add a task , press `` add button '' ( the arrow ) and the task just disappeares . quite simple functionality and even this with bugs
the app looks very ok but it lacks help or support portal . i have accidently hidden the smart list like the planned , how can i unhide them and also how can i assign task to my colleagues or employees ?
there 's a bug where i ca n't add tasks from the widget . tasks only get added if i actually open the app . pixel 3a . also items get added to the bottom of the list by default . what the hell , microsoft ?
longtime wunderlist user . slowly getting used to the todo app . so far it is ok. there are still some features that were not included from wunderlist such as when a task is checked as completed , it has to be manually moved into a folder i created called completed tasks . in wunderlist a completed task was automatically moved to a completed task folder . would like to see this executed in todo . thank you
when trying to add from the widget , it does not add to the selected list , instead it adds to tasks . very annoying . this makes the widget borderline useless .
update : the accidental deletion problem described below is compounded by my now finding a `` confirm before deleting '' setting that simply does not work . the app is nice , but when starring or opening a list item it 's easy to delete it . that 's because deleting happens when you slide an item left , and that can happen by accident . either add a working setting to optionally require confirmations of deletes , or provide a trash can from which you can recover deleted items .
being constantly prompted to `` share list ! '' is a big pain in the butt . my wife and i share our info with each other , and it 's a big nag that may cause us to abandon ms todo .
this is all well and good but it does n't tell me how to use to do to do anything . like making separate list or subcategories for each list ?
wish they add : copy paste function remind specified time before due date options
for some reason i ca n't exit the app which i press the back button on lenovo yoga smart tab ( only home or app-switch buttons ) please fix
cool app but widgets stopped working so makes it pointless to keep
no integration with google assistant = (
good app but i like wunderlist better . microsoft should have changed the name of wunderlist to microsoft to do , added their integrations , updated the program inline with user requests and it would be great ! the my day feature is odd since i plan my day the night before so my day events are gone the day i actually need them . i don ' use my day any longer , instead i use important and planner as a replacement for my day and i use task as an inbox .
informative but extremely slow .
not as useful as wunderlist ... yet ! ! would prefer to have a tab for the `` week '' . not just day , that way i can anticipate . also wish items would show up in my calendar .
microsoft forces you to use your microsoft account to use it , then never keeps you logged in long enough to get notifications . sharing via text feels like i 'm back on my droid phone , and trying to get updates to shared lists suffers from the forced log outs as well . also ca n't customize `` smart lists '' that are stuck at the top . my day and tasks ? that 's the same thing for me , either let me put it at the bottom or let me remove them . microsoft took wunderlist and ruined it .
repeating tasks seriously need to be automatically added to 'my day ' view on their due date , each time . it would also be useful if there 's an additional option to automatically delete completed tasks , instead of just hiding them .
user-friendly . steps and groups are smart features ! options for repeat reminder are comprehensive . love the colors ! suggestions : 1. retain theme color for task . so when opening planned , easier to distunguish which tasks are under acads , orgs , etc . 2. a better font style for tasks . 3. planned . please classify next week to specific days . it will also be great if i will be able to move tasks from today to tuesday next week with a press , hold , and swipe . automatically updates the due date .
so close to being perfect , missing -tags -filters -reports will definitely be keeping an eye out for these !
nice app . however one important feature missing in app is you can not assign the task to some other person . this feature is there in desktop version and very useful in corporate environment .
needs option to sort by due date and time . should be able to set some tasks/items to move into next day automatically . should have custom sort or dedicated grocery store shopping list option so you can sort items by how they 're arranged in the store . please add these options & this would be the best to do app ever !
bigger fonts at widget plz ! ! connect one drive with to do & outlook calendar too ! ! ! !
i 'm giving it three stars right now til i know how to properly use all the features , but so far it 's the best app i 've used so far . you can organize lists for home and work and other things so it 's not confusing and easy to set dates
it 's just okay . i much preferred wunderlist . i 'd give a 5 star rating if microsoft to-do added new items to the top of the list , not the bottom , and allow you to move any item to the top by pressing the `` star '' on that item , similar to wunderlist . needless to say , i 'm gon na be using this app a whole lot less than i had used wunderlist , until this is fixed . it 's a huge inconvenience for me to have to keep dragging each new item to the top of my lists , which tend to be very long .
not working on my chromebook . i can not open any lists to view the contents . edit : issue seems to be resolved in the latest update . though still only giving 3 stars since this is taking over wunderlists but is still comparatively lacking in design and ease of use .
it 's finally getting better , although still does n't measure up to wunderlist . but the latest update broke the widget ! please fix !
i loved wunderlist . for the most part , i also like to do and think they 've done a good job transferring things over . one feature i do not like is that the today list has to be made the day of . i like to make my `` today '' list the night before -- makes it easier to plan and be prepared . when i do that now , i wake up in the am and my list is n't visible .
sure could use a `` completed tasks '' tab . i hide my completed tasks in tabs as it just gets messy and when i wan na check what is done , i got ta manually untick the `` hide completed '' and then tick it again . i 'd also appreciate if you could see when the task was completed . overall a great multiplatform tool , been using it since i found it .
i came across from wunderlist and it does everything i need it to do except for one really annoying feature - on wunderlist when you added a new item you had the option for it to go to the top or bottom of the list . i always want my newest entries to go to the top ( especially in very long lists ) as they are the things i want to action first . include a simple option to allow this and your app will do everything wunderlist did and i will be a happy man !
for those coming from wunderlist : to transfer your data , log on to a computer ( not a phone or tablet ) to transfer your data if you 're having transfer trouble . seems similar to the glory that was wunderlist . but still not as good .
love this app ! did n't think i could find something as good as wunderlist but this app is better ! just a couple of things would make it perfect . option to change font size and option to add new items to top of list .
very good ... excellent features . especially for the subtask , the option to add step for achieving the task/subtask . kindly add a calendar feature to get an overview of what is ahead . also , some ready made quick reminders like a call , payment , email , a template for grocery , etc would add cheery to the cake
i was using wunderlist but this seems to be a great replacement . it integrates very well with outlook 365 and the reminders are easy to manage . would certainly recommend it for anyone looking to manage task lists .
pretty good app , lets you organize tasks by categories , prioritize based on due dates and set reminders for each specific task . however , sometimes , reminders fail to notify you in the specified time and come rather delayed .
i love that i can break a task into steps . i didnt like that they moved the completed task button from the bottom of list to side menu . all in all it is a good tool and it has improved a lot since i started using it .
it 's a great app almost providing everything you want for free not like other apps . i just wish if there was a timer beside each task you do such that you can spend tasks more efficiently and switch between them . anyway great job guys : winking_face :
i hate change to begin with , but everything has been good so far . my only gripe right now is with the themes ! i wish we could custom pick a color or choose a photo from our phone gallery .
the best to do app i 've used by far . one tiny feature/design request : can you please show the subtask count ( total and completed ) in the widget as well . currently i need to click the task in the widget , which leads me to the task screen on app which shows the subtask count .
awesome upgrade from wunderlist . i could n't expect i can live without wunderlist . i just give it a try and now i do n't regret for it . truly a great successor of wunderlist . but if u can , please make the font size customization option . it will be really helpful
i preferred wunderlist . but in general this is working too . please allow the user to set a default time for reminder suggestions . currently it suggests for example 3am in the morning , not very useful .
reminder does n't work as per expectations . if we set any task with due date and if get completed before due date and try to mark it completed ... that task get completed but new task get added with same name and same due date till that due date .
the app worked better when it was wunderlist . it often has problems syncing , which is inconvenient for shared lists . overall the features are really nice though .
i love this app . it 's easy to customise . can you add a feature for a timer ? that way people can measure how long they did a certain task for .
almost perfect but need time setting for due dates as most students using it will require to have proper time input of their assignments . cheers to the team ! did a great job !
good replacement app for wunderlist . perhaps even better . i just got it a couple of weeks ago , so we shall see . it 's easy to use and i like the look of it .
i use this app everyday to track my errands and tasks . i wish it had more features like connection to email and phone . even so , app is easy to use and keeps me organized .
microsoft is like wanderlist . originally had issues sharing and syncing this to do list app . appears to be settling down . we like to it now .
would be good to have a `` tomorrow '' list . so when in bed clearing mind at the end of the day , the default list , `` my day '' is n't cleared .
like all the other users of wunderlist i had no choice but to switch . it took time to figure out how to be able to create lists without having to have due dates & reminders-shut them off in settings . i already had a microsoft account which i used to sign into wunderlist so i used it to automatically sign into to do . that made it easy to import the wunderlist lists to to do { pop up at bottom } . i panicked at first but i was able to figure out how to use to do in about an hour after installing it
nice design but ... have been a happy wunderlist customer for a long time and the feature very important to me ... being able to sort my list with a long press and slide up or down ... made it fast and easy to prioritize my day and make quick changes . the inbox was also a feature which was very important to me and gave me the confidence of not losing important info while on the fly . i realize that microsoft to do is not wunderlist but hoping for these features to be restored
we had some syncing issues with our shared lists that came in from wunderlist , but once we had them syncing things have worked great ! ! !
moving from the wonderful wunderlist to to do app was easy and now some other feature are added , among which i like `` add to my day '' and `` tasks '' .
the app is perfect but one tiny problem : the reload icon is sometimes peeking out at the bottom of the list title .
switch to 'to do ' because wunderlist is being discontinued . it is a lovely app , easy to navigate interface . however , the function of 'today ' smart list is not integrated . in wunderlist , this is the hat i was working from . it would be great to see 'today ' smart list again ! by the way , `` my day '' smart list does n't automatically pick up the day 's tasks , instead you have to add them . : woman_shrugging :
the widget sometimes shows my list as empty . and it always need to be removed and replace to show the content of the list properly .
love this app can guys add this features please 1. task priority tag ( red for important ) 2. more notifications options ( sometimes a single clicking sound is not enough wish you add alarm settings ) thanks
it helped me a lot to stay ahead of my schedule . a productive app . but after some time some reminders do n't work and i have to set them again .
not as good as its old version wunderlist . especially when you want to upload and download files through this app .
missing one key feature : custom sorting of lists . otherwise quite good . search capability is excellent .
great app ! simple and neat ui . it would however be nice if you could also include a passcode lock .
i migrated to this app a few months ago from wunderlist which i absolutely loved ! im still getting used to this version and the microsoft integration as i have been a gsuite user for a few years now . while i love this app i took one star for the myday list . i get the developers want you to be more intentional but i plan my day the night before so this list is useless to me . and with the due dates not auto loading in it also makes it difficult . nice thought but does not work for night planners .
thus far , i 'm finding to do useful . it feels a step up from wunderlist . time will tell for sure .
great to do app , seemless integration with windows . would love to see the option to open the mobile app with the my day tab already open .
it 's a good start , but i miss some of the simple capability of wunderlist .
one of the better cleaner to do apps could you please add recurring tasks based on day or date . as an example : `` recurring every wednesday : take out trash '' .
this app is great , and i 'm sticking to it . the only issue i have with it is the notification , it does n't work when the app is closed . please fix that .
very nice app . almost as good as apple : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : . would be nice if i could schedule task on calendar . but great that i can have on phone and laptop . dumped other apps that do more for this simple straight forward app that allows me to capture stream of consciousness things i need to do like reschedule doctor apt . got rid of paper tablet on my desk in favor of this .
i wish there was an option to create a to-do list for tomorrow . like i wish there was a my tomorrow that would turn into my day instead of me having to manually add all the things i wrote the day before if that makes sense
microsoft version of wunderlist . lists can be shared and sync 'd between users . needs drag and drop feature to allow items in lists to be prioritised based on position .
easy transition from wunderlist , and it covers the vast majority of functionality .
very good . i love that flagged emails appear as tasks in this app . i would love an option to bring all of the day before 's task to today in one go , instead of having to add them back to `` my day '' one by one . i love the , `` planned tasks '' feature , too , so i can see all of the tasks with due dates assigned to them . lists can be added for different contexts , subjects and people . i would prefer a few more options than , `` today '' , `` tomorrow `` and next week . this is a great app .
finally an excellent personal workflow tool from microsoft ! to do is a great tool for smartphones , syncing with outlook tasks and flagged email to deliver a dedicated task management dashboard . the my day feature promotes a gtd approach , but might be improved by sorting on a numbered list rather than simply on high or normal priority . each task can have subtasks , but subtasks lack due dates , notifications , etc . projects are not explicitly addressed but can be managed by adding task lists .
i learned about the wunderlist buyout . so i transferred over to ms to do list . i love it & will surely miss my wunderlist . ms to do list is almost identical . i was n't too afraid of the change . ms works great , but my biggest complaint is when you add something new to a list , it adds it to the bottom instead of the top . i did n't think it added it so i added it again & again . then saw 3 same things on the bottom . i can sort based on date added , but it mixes up . plz hurry the add to top option . thx
i have only had this app for a few days . the more i search for solutions the more i find . this is a great app , but it needs a way to give each task a sortable priority number . i love the my day page which gives me the most important subset of all my tasks . i never put more than 5 things there . if i complete them before the end of the day , i add more . one of my favorite features is the ability to hide completed tasks . the biggest fault is i have n't found a tutorial for all the features .
good replacement for wunderlist . missing the possibility to create to-do by sending email .
so now that you 're microsoft , please expand basic features like + button to create a task from the main screen , i want to start recording my task prior to selecting a list or any other options . allow hard press on task to see options rather than having to go in each to make changes after creation . provide 'separation ' function so i can group items on the same list , no overly complicated group option required .
great app . only complaint is that i 'd like the amoled dark mode in the app to match the widget .
i tried out several to do apps to replace my sun-setting wunderlist and liked this one the best . the only feature i 'm missing at this point ( and it is a big one , thus the 4 instead of 5 stars ) is a list of all tasks/to dos . one master list of everything from all other lists is a crucial feature and very much needed ! for now i am marking all tasks as important so they are all captured there as a workaround . p.s . i am loving the tags feature , and the audio when you check a task off . so fulfilling !
such a useful app . never again will i miss reminders , or find it too much hassle to add a task . would like to be able to change the default reminder time without having to amend every one , and would like to see support for tasks from non exchange accounts ( e.g hotmail etc . ) but even with these unavailable to me the app is still amazing . i thoroughly recommend this .
i like it but sometimes does not response correctly , and need more options to do the daily use easier
please add a feature like task has to be divided based on categories inside `` planned '' and `` importent '' list
give more features on par with google keep . dark mode too is an essential tool that 's sorely missing .
i use it as an integral part of office365 online services and especially the outlook/one note combination as a means of staying on top of tasks within longer term projects . i do n't find it helpful for short term todo lists and i ca n't seem to `` program '' future tasks to show up in `` my day '' . but i would n't want to be without it .
some functionality is not seamless . there is no feature to order the tasks in a custom order or group tasks within a list
i like having the choice of what to add to my to day every morning . it gives me a chance to review and decide what is important today . one negative .. when you check off a reaccuring task , the next scheduled one pops up . every time i review the list my eye has to stop and check the little date to make sure it is n't a task for today .
looks like a good app . i 've been using wunderlist for many years . but , i miss a lot sending emails to to do list like i was used to in wunderlist . i use this feature in wunderlist and evernote a can not imagine living without it . otherwise i would give 5 * . flagging in outlook is not an option as i do n't use outlook .
good app overall but still does n't recognise the date of reminder from plain text , this needs to improve
good app but a big improvement would be to have categories for a grocery shopping list . i add things as i run out but that is not how they are found in the store . i would like to group item by product type so i do n't miss getting something or have to backtrack .
everything is good , only one feature shall be add . we should be able to customise reminder notification tone
mostly works well as replacement for wunderlist . import worked well from wunderlist . however i wish that you had a choice to automatically add new items at the top of the list instead of the bottom . you can sort by date added but then you lose your customized order of items .
works well overall but recently wo n't add entry from widget on homescreen . it would be great if items from the planned/task categories with a due date would automatically be added to my day on said due date rather than having to open the planned/task categories and adding to my day from there . just a thought !
still needs some work to get it up to par with wunderlist , but works ok
purely task management ; not google keep competitor . i 'd switch today if i was able to create quick notes as well . onenote is too rich in features and has too heavy of a ui navigation to be a valid alternative . it 's not stepping on onenote 's if it were to have this added .
it 's a bit redundant when dealing with recurrent tasks , does n't allow scheduling those recurrent tasks to specific times of the day or set an expiry date for the recurrence , but otherwise quite functional and useful .
please add two factor authentication . i could n't post my request through app because i do n't have a facebook account to log in .
this is and exact representation of how a to do app should be . i love the widget , from which i can add a new task without getting into the app . there is no clutter in the interface , everything can be accessed from one page .
i love the app . but the only thing i hate about this app is that 1 ) does not have a start and end time for tasks . 2 ) stop showing task for the next day . 3 ) sort the tasks based on start time . ( or reminder time . )
i am a wunderlist native . i do like this move except for one simple thing ( as if now ) , i wish items were added at the top instead of the bottom . i realize i can sort , but i put some lists in a specific order for a reason .
overall a decent todo app . it does have some things or desperately needs . 1 ) why ca n't i see the event time in the list . i can see the day but not the time . 2 ) why ca n't i sort by time ? again , i can sort by date but i ca n't look at the list and see what 's coming next
this is the best reminders app that i 've come across ( and i 've tried a few ) . it falls short of 5 stars as there are some simple usability changes they could make which would make the experience a little bit better . it does n't feel like many updates are being made though .
i still really miss being able to synch important to-do 's ( i.e . exams ) with my calendar app , as i believe wunderlist was able to do . besides that , i 'm very happy with the ease of use and functionality of this app , helps me everyday .
it very easy to use , but we should be able to merge tasks for all accounts in one location . changing account from personal to work or school is really annoying . i once lost all my data when my school account became inactive !
it is a pretty nice app . i really like it . but why do n't you you make the `` delete completed tasks '' button ? is it something too difficult ? if this function will not appear in the nearest updates i will change the app for sure .
adding tasks from widget fails . after last update when adding a task from widget goes directly to tasks list by default instedad of going to the list you are watching in the widget . i prefered when the task was added to the list shown at the moment . edited 2/2/2020 : corrected .
works as well as wunderlist for the most part . for shared lists though i would like to be able to disable notifications . it can get annoying when you share a list for grocery items and each deletion is sending a notification .
i 'm a wunderlist user for years . generally this app is good , just lack 2 important features : ( 1 ) weekly view that includes overdue tasks , ( 2 ) mark overdue task date in red on widget .
very nice app . it would be helpful if it is integrated with outlook calender , or can be added to outlook calender , just like evernote and wunderlist are connected to it .
clean easy interface , connected to an alexa skill allows listings to sync . the planning side of things i am still trying to daisy chain to do , alexa and outlook so i get a mutable event horizon where i input by voice and have the outlook toolset available .
widget improvement needed . if i 'm in the 'groceries ' tab , when i add a task in the widget , it should add the task in the current tab 'groceries ' . now it add tasks on the 'tasks ' tab by default when it should add tasks to the current tab by default . the app is good , but needs improvements .
hey , i have an suggestions for your app ... i am calling it bug ... and i would be highly appreciated if u can fix it ... according to me the ticked task must get deleted by its own ... else everything is ok and deserves a 4 star ... if u can fix it i will give it a 5 star rating ...
great app for sharing lists . having the ios , android and windows options makes it easy for everyone to manage and view the shared lists . wish it had location based reminder and built-in spell check then it would be 5 * ..
in the `` important '' category add option `` sort by group and list name '' . do the same for the widget . it is possibol to have important things from different category so categorising it in `` important '' segment make 's it cleaner and easyer to track .
great except for `` flagged email '' setting . i get a lot of spam messages that are flagged . therefore , we should be able to select and/or exclude certain folders .
would be 5 stars if the list sorting had more functionality ( could sort by more than one criteria simultaneously ) but apart from that it is a very user friendly and effective tool which i use multiple times per day .
very good app , similar to a very basic project management system you can move your tasks around so you can manage them better could have more functionality in that area not overboard you want to keep it simple but overall excellence application
great app except for one huge issue : you can not customize the snooze time . you can only snooze up to an hour in specified increments . fix this issue and the app would be nearly perfect .
switched to using this few weeks back after reading positive reviews as replacement for wunderlist . much better than android equivalents , but ability to plan 'my tomorrow ' would be really helpful as i like to plan evening before .
it is easy to use . i am sure i have more to learn though . i just wish that the color coding would show on the home page . when i open one list i can see it 's color , but not until i open it .
great app , just like wunderlist and more . the only thing i am missing is the ability to arrange my important tasks in the order that i would like . please add this !
on android - it still wo n't let me add tasks to top of list where the list actually opens
functionality is great , however after certain periods of time , the widget goes blank . i have to remove and re-apply widget in the home screen to get tasks to appear again .
very useful for making to dos and not forgetting anything . it syncs perfectly across several platforms ( web , ios , android ) and also allows for easy sharing and collaboration of tasks .
very helpful and useful . i made use of the widget very often , but it stopped working and only started back to work when i uninstalled and then reinstalled the app . otherwise , this is is a 5-star app .
did n't like it at first , too complicated ( compared to your previous super- minimal reminder applet , attached to launcher ) . i like it now , especially since i know how most bits work .
i am using this appa past few months & seems good to me.this apps helps me in organising my stuff .. i love it : smiling_face :
i 'm coming from wunderlist and i feel quite comfortable with the feel of the app , except that i miss the main view of one selected list 's tems . it 'll be cool if you added an alternative to the home view
great for organizing milestones and to do lists
helpful . not like wunderlist which was the best todo i ever used . please add a feature to show my repeated daily tasks in my day section automatically without adding it manually .
make life easier to keep track of everything
it 's wonderful but when i download it last time , it does n't sign in , there is a big problem , i do not know what to do
all the activities planned or unplanned for today should appear under `` my day '' ...
coming from good old wunderlist and this one is definitely a noticeable refinement . one feature i 'm missing from good old wunderlist is the ability to manually order tasks ( this comes handy at times ) . in addition it would make sense to create a default reminder on the date of the task if such date is defined . with this couple of additions it 's an easy 5 stars for me .
it 's ok , i guess not much different than many other calendar apps , still getting used to it
works well - just what i need .
it 's great bud it does n't have task category or labales
please update the sorting algorithm to sort by due date including the reminder time in the to-do so i can see in a day which to-do comes first on top of the list . and also pls make the planned section sortable as it 's only sorted alphabetically , i want to sort by due date including the to-do reminder time .
easy to use
need some more designs in app
good except notifications also vibrate , and there 's no way to disable vibrations for this app !
organized app
some functionality is not seamless . there is no feature to order the tasks in a custom order or group tasks within a list
great app ! simple and neat ui . it would however be nice if you could also include a passcode lock .
please fix the note part . it always crash on my phone : crying_face :
the best to do app i 've used by far . one tiny feature/design request : can you please show the subtask count ( total and completed ) in the widget as well . currently i need to click the task in the widget , which leads me to the task screen on app which shows the subtask count .
reminder does n't work as per expectations . if we set any task with due date and if get completed before due date and try to mark it completed ... that task get completed but new task get added with same name and same due date till that due date .
please add two factor authentication . i could n't post my request through app because i do n't have a facebook account to log in .
moving from the wonderful wunderlist to to do app was easy and now some other feature are added , among which i like `` add to my day '' and `` tasks '' .
give more features on par with google keep . dark mode too is an essential tool that 's sorely missing .
really needs and undo button , gesture or shake to undo . it 's hell of a problem to find accidentally completed tasks .
it is so good if thtere is alarm it will be better
good app , usefull .
love this app can guys add this features please 1. task priority tag ( red for important ) 2. more notifications options ( sometimes a single clicking sound is not enough wish you add alarm settings ) thanks
please add a feature like task has to be divided based on categories inside `` planned '' and `` importent '' list
everything is good , only one feature shall be add . we should be able to customise reminder notification tone
i do n't like how the due date does n't change for the next day .
almost perfect but need time setting for due dates as most students using it will require to have proper time input of their assignments . cheers to the team ! did a great job !
transfer was seamless from wunderlist ( last appt ) to to do
this app is great , and i 'm sticking to it . the only issue i have with it is the notification , it does n't work when the app is closed . please fix that .
works .
helpful for planning .
it 's a good start , but i miss some of the simple capability of wunderlist .
i like it but sometimes does not response correctly , and need more options to do the daily use easier
for those coming from wunderlist : to transfer your data , log on to a computer ( not a phone or tablet ) to transfer your data if you 're having transfer trouble . seems similar to the glory that was wunderlist . but still not as good .
nice
good app overall but still does n't recognise the date of reminder from plain text , this needs to improve
not as good as its old version wunderlist . especially when you want to upload and download files through this app .
on android - it still wo n't let me add tasks to top of list where the list actually opens
pretty good app , lets you organize tasks by categories , prioritize based on due dates and set reminders for each specific task . however , sometimes , reminders fail to notify you in the specified time and come rather delayed .
حلو جدا
could be better if the tasks overdue would automatically show in today
very nice app ... but who really needs to be reminded of and check off things we do all the time in daily life ? if something is important next week or whenever , we normally remember it without fail - or we write it down . this app , while very nice indeed , typifies and feeds society 's obsession with mobiles and tablets - and it renders people even more stupidly 'dependent ' upon help - instead of what used to be 'common sense . ' : thinking_face :
i would like to see tags ( they are already in the app , but need a better implementation ) , filters and location-based notifications , please .
would be good to have a `` tomorrow '' list . so when in bed clearing mind at the end of the day , the default list , `` my day '' is n't cleared .
very good ... excellent features . especially for the subtask , the option to add step for achieving the task/subtask . kindly add a calendar feature to get an overview of what is ahead . also , some ready made quick reminders like a call , payment , email , a template for grocery , etc would add cheery to the cake
the widget sometimes shows my list as empty . and it always need to be removed and replace to show the content of the list properly .
works well
good
easy to quickly find and use
easy transition from wunderlist , and it covers the vast majority of functionality .
motivating app would love it if it had more functional tools
best personal assistant app
o app é bastante funcional e cumpre o prometido . acho que seria interessante ter features que integrem serviços , como um calendário . ou seja , agendamos uma tarefa e isso irá constar no calendário escolhido . isso evita ter que abrir dois apps pra ver os afazeres do dia . precisa de tema dark no modo web .
please add two options : 1- tag or label in task and list 2- password to enter application thanks for free
i love that i can break a task into steps . i didnt like that they moved the completed task button from the bottom of list to side menu . all in all it is a good tool and it has improved a lot since i started using it .
not quite wunderlist but i 'm pretty happy overall with how it works . one suggestion would be having a `` tomorrow '' option similar to my day so you can add stuff to your `` my day '' the night before .
good but it an be better if we can add contact no . also ..
noice
love this app ! did n't think i could find something as good as wunderlist but this app is better ! just a couple of things would make it perfect . option to change font size and option to add new items to top of list .
the app worked better when it was wunderlist . it often has problems syncing , which is inconvenient for shared lists . overall the features are really nice though .
good replacement app for wunderlist . perhaps even better . i just got it a couple of weeks ago , so we shall see . it 's easy to use and i like the look of it .
we had some syncing issues with our shared lists that came in from wunderlist , but once we had them syncing things have worked great ! ! !
good app for daily planning .
i love this app . it 's easy to customise . can you add a feature for a timer ? that way people can measure how long they did a certain task for .
this is a nice app , it does what i needed to do and it 's there when i need to use it .
it helped me a lot to stay ahead of my schedule . a productive app . but after some time some reminders do n't work and i have to set them again .
still needs some work to get it up to par with wunderlist , but works ok
good
great for collaboration and communication , especially since we cant meet face to face
it 's a great app almost providing everything you want for free not like other apps . i just wish if there was a timer beside each task you do such that you can spend tasks more efficiently and switch between them . anyway great job guys : winking_face :
why this app sends me notifications 30 seconds late ?
good replacement for wunderlist . missing the possibility to create to-do by sending email .
sure could use a `` completed tasks '' tab . i hide my completed tasks in tabs as it just gets messy and when i wan na check what is done , i got ta manually untick the `` hide completed '' and then tick it again . i 'd also appreciate if you could see when the task was completed . overall a great multiplatform tool , been using it since i found it .
i preferred wunderlist . but in general this is working too . please allow the user to set a default time for reminder suggestions . currently it suggests for example 3am in the morning , not very useful .
it helped me to plan my day and also more productive
great app . only complaint is that i 'd like the amoled dark mode in the app to match the widget .
i am using this appa past few months & seems good to me.this apps helps me in organising my stuff .. i love it : smiling_face :
one of the better cleaner to do apps could you please add recurring tasks based on day or date . as an example : `` recurring every wednesday : take out trash '' .
i came across from wunderlist and it does everything i need it to do except for one really annoying feature - on wunderlist when you added a new item you had the option for it to go to the top or bottom of the list . i always want my newest entries to go to the top ( especially in very long lists ) as they are the things i want to action first . include a simple option to allow this and your app will do everything wunderlist did and i will be a happy man !
good app , could be better
useful . integrated .
thus far , i 'm finding to do useful . it feels a step up from wunderlist . time will tell for sure .
very nice app . it would be helpful if it is integrated with outlook calender , or can be added to outlook calender , just like evernote and wunderlist are connected to it .
good
great for general use and getting better .
microsoft version of wunderlist . lists can be shared and sync 'd between users . needs drag and drop feature to allow items in lists to be prioritised based on position .
great to do app , seemless integration with windows . would love to see the option to open the mobile app with the my day tab already open .
microsoft is like wanderlist . originally had issues sharing and syncing this to do list app . appears to be settling down . we like to it now .
i wish there was an option to create a to-do list for tomorrow . like i wish there was a my tomorrow that would turn into my day instead of me having to manually add all the things i wrote the day before if that makes sense
serves it 's purpose .
awesome upgrade from wunderlist . i could n't expect i can live without wunderlist . i just give it a try and now i do n't regret for it . truly a great successor of wunderlist . but if u can , please make the font size customization option . it will be really helpful
easy to use .
i loved wunderlist . for the most part , i also like to do and think they 've done a good job transferring things over . one feature i do not like is that the today list has to be made the day of . i like to make my `` today '' list the night before -- makes it easier to plan and be prepared . when i do that now , i wake up in the am and my list is n't visible .
missing one key feature : custom sorting of lists . otherwise quite good . search capability is excellent .
i hate change to begin with , but everything has been good so far . my only gripe right now is with the themes ! i wish we could custom pick a color or choose a photo from our phone gallery .
the app is perfect but one tiny problem : the reload icon is sometimes peeking out at the bottom of the list title .
i was using wunderlist but this seems to be a great replacement . it integrates very well with outlook 365 and the reminders are easy to manage . would certainly recommend it for anyone looking to manage task lists .
i use it everyday and completely love it . it is very simplistic to use and understand , even for older folks like me ! if i 'm putting together a list of projects i want to get done ; it 's allows me to take a picture or a screenshot , then title and save it by category ! extremely helpful for users of all age groups ; and with the backup & sync features you just ca n't go wrong with this app !
i love making lists and this application makes it much more accessible to do so ... : green_circle : i do n't have to worry about which pocket my hand written list was last put into . : green_circle : i do n't have to worry about keeping a pen on me or losing it in the store for the tenth time . lol : winking_face_with_tongue : : green_circle : and i dont have to check things off ! ! ! ! the app just checks it off for me with a single tap .
as always ms makes the best thing , but fails to offer video training and integration and some basic crm features . needs imporvement on 1 ) multi importance/priority level with drop down box and for sorting .... 2 ) `` repeat '' does n't add today 's to-dos , just an alert . ... 3 ) beable to organize more than just today .... add wk mo & yr. .. 4 ) crm and calendar need upgrading and integration with outlook app ..... 5 ) training ? ?
i was skeptical at first , but wow ! yes , the req to have a microsoft account did n't thrill me , but this has all the features wunderlist did and more - you just need to find them . you can move the order of tasks manually - just do an extra long tap on the task and drag . there is also a an inbox - here it is just called `` tasks '' . this app is much more flexible in terms of themes than wunderlist was and it makes it really easy to both delete tasks and steps within a task . switching was easy too !
started using it after having used many to-do apps . the ui is beautiful . syncing is quite fast . the companion apps are available for every major operating system plus it is also available on the web , which is a big advantage over google tasks . however , i 'd love to have natural language processing and a way to prioritise the tasks .
i love it ! this app us so simple and easy to use , it 's so clear to see what needs to be done . i love how you can carry tasks over from one day to another or carry over tasks from over lists . i also love how you can add steps to a task and set a due date . i love it : )
this is quite frankly the best to-do app i 've ever used . it has features i did n't even know i needed , like searching for tasks , or the my day tasks list . it syncs really well and worked even better than i 'd hoped . great job .
amazing simple effective . it would be nice that if it had a option that could set priority . for examplr priority 1 , 2 , 3 . 1 with color red 2 with color orange and 3 with yellow . like todoist app . i love miceosoft todo becuase its cross platform and 100percent free
extremely well design ! this is an amazing tool for the people who needs a good way to keep track of all your tasks in a day . super helpful and very well integrated with office 365 layout . this has boosted my progress tremendously . thank you @ microsoft office 365 team .
this app is very useful . minimalist , yet almost everything is available . i could group my activities sub-activities and tasks as per my wish and use them to plan accordingly . a calendar option would make it complete .
the user interface of this app is high level and the way in which i can see my task is awesome but i think there must be some options in which i could be able to make quick notes of those although there is that option but it must be enhanced so that the user interface would be augmented
suggestion : . in my one of task , status of the task , progressing stage is very important to us . so please to add the feature in it . example , 60 % completed in task . ( manually user mention or drag the percentage bar in his task ) it will be useful to us . thank you to do team ..
i have tried a lot of to do app 's but not a single one has all these features in built reminders sub tasks support customizable moving of tasks in the list and most important sync across all devices like phone , tablet etc even if some app has we have to buy premium to enjoy those features highly recommend this app .
i have found it 's useful for you who want to manage your works or studies . now i do n't need to write all down on the papers . so , a solution to save papers = save our trees ; ) more important , this app is free and no ads banners . that 's good .
i do n't know why everyone 's complaining that you ca n't re-order tasks and lists . drag-and-drop with a long press works just fine for me . at first glance , i seem to have finally found a suitable replacement for gtasks .
the app is splendid i love . it helps me to plane my day and my work ahead of time and reminds me of what i had planned to do . this makes me to be effective in my life . i can easily access my to do list where ever i go
this app is awesome . at the moment while we 're in quarantine . i have to do a whole bunch of school work and it 's just easier for me to make sure i 'm doing everything . make sure i 'm getting everything done and it 's just really great . thank you so much !
it 's such a helpful app because i always use this so that i can become more productive and finish what i have to do on time , it 's also helpful because it helps me remember what i have to do . : grinning_face_with_big_eyes : :grinning_face_with_big_eyes : :grinning_face_with_big_eyes :
the best to-do app ever . it is so well synced with the desktop version and vice versa . the ui is awesome and smooth . it really feels good to use this app .
great app . i suggest that you will add a calendar view feature , sychronized with the created tasks , so that users can visualize their tasks . thanks in advance .
realizing wunderlist was going away was unfortunate but this app does a great job at replacing it . i really like the graphics and the background image of the needle .
really very very great , useful and highly customised app . above all it 's free and developed by the world leader in customisation . developer is so helpful to provide individual attention . happy to have this great app .
excellent app , really useful for writing down what you have to do ! it lets you manage your to-dos in convenient groups , and the feature `` my day '' is awesome for planning your day ahead
excellent - this is even better than wunderlist which i really loved , they 've taken it up another level . brilliant cross platform tool for managing all my tasks
i 'm migrated user from wunderlist . has n't found any issue with this app i use this from mobile and pc 's browser , i can say that the sync is fast , very like it
what a great app ! it has completely made my days more productive and organized . thank you so much microsoft ! i ca n't wait to see it linked to onenote : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
brilliant app . all you need to keep on top of things . one thing i would add : the ability to delete bulk tasks .
the best to do list app i 've used to date . i 'd used a lot before without any luck , i 'm glad to say i do n't think i 'll be looking for any other apps now !
super easy to use and very addictive . strongly recommend to anyone looking for a uncomplicated and easy tinuse to-do app .
works much better than the desktop version , as it does n't close itself suddenly when you 're not on it !
exactly like wunderlist where i came from , because that 's being discontinued . happy i have a viable replacement but sad to see wunderlist go .
even for me that i have android 5 in my phone is totally full option and useful . dark theme and many necessary optional things make it best `` to do list '' ever !
phew the transition from wunderlist went just fine . everything is imported and after a bit of tweaking in the settings the app works like wunderlist did . and the app icon is easy to find .
this is a good app for note and everything as you want .... i am so happy for using this app .... but it is more better if have search options ... so currently improve it ..
i 've been really enjoying this app . the my day feature is really useful for managing my tasks and its so easy to just add new tasks as i get them . i especially love that you can add tasks from the previous day to your current my day . it has a simple and streamlined design and seamlessly integrates my phones theme . the only thing i would improve would be the ability to add tasks to my day in advance .
it 's different from wunderlist but pretty close . its like changing from gmail to outlook but it 's working for me .
the application is great ! the ui is clean , easy to follow . it does exactly what it is intended to do . i have one suggestion . alongside the possibility to add steps to the tasks , it would be great to be able to arbitrarily set the level of completion of one task with something like a slider . say for example you set yourself the goal to watch a full youtube playlist . everyday you move this task to `` my day '' . you will want to be able to measure your progress each day without predefined steps .
useful , fast , and complete with all the essential features of a todo app .
i was a very big fan of wunderlist and this replacement has a lot more functionality and is still easy to use
this is a very cool app . perfect ! although it should have more link options for other apps as well .
being able to sync shopping lists between various shoppers in one household is such a blessing . keeps us from overspending . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
just swapped from wunderlist to microsoft to do . so far happy with it and not really noticing any difference or loss of functionality .
just moved from wunderlist . transition was easy . to do is different in layout , but also intuitive & works fine on many platforms . i wish they have 2 things fixed/updated to meet wunderlist feel : 1 ) importance mark ( the renown star ) should be entered while typing a task . importance mark should also put automatically the task on top of the list . 2 ) 'show completed tasks ' must be more 'handy ' , with a button , symbol or shortcut . not as part of the menu ( top right ) . 5 stars . hope above of a help .
it 's an amazing app , i love it and find it extremely useful . just discovered it recently and totally enjoying the productivity it gives me . i very much like the simplicity compared to other to-do apps with too cluttered ui . miscoroft todo on the other hand is perfectly balanced ! one small thing i would personally want to see is the ability to assign more levels of priority , not just 'important ' and the rest . there could be importance levels like ' a ' , ' b ' , ' c ' etc , or some color-coding , for example . thanks and keep up the great work ! ! ! ! ! ! microsoft on android is doing a great job !
awesome app . allows for custom lists and allows collaboration on ones you specifiy for group projects/tasks . the interface is clean , crisp , but also allows you to make it your own by adding color themes to the accents of the task pages . the only thing i wish this would include is a customizable `` smart list '' based on certain parameters . this would make the app even better , though out of the box - this has everything you need to get your tasks and projects done !
i 've tried many to do list apps and this one is the best so far and is helping me with getting more productive with life and school work .
this app is as good as trello and almost works the same with some minor differences . i love it . it would be great if it combined the features of trello boards as well as evernote . still givin deserves 5 stars on its own merits . it can get overwhelming the more items that are put into it , but that 's my own problem of having so much to do more than the app . this is the best automated to do list i have found . i use it in combination with my handwritten lists .
i came from wunderlist as i got an email said it was shutting down on march 6th . i was expecting a sub par experience , having to re-enter all of my tasks and data . i was very surprised as it was a great switch over experience with very little input from me ! it also has a very similar widget which im very happy with ! thank you for considering wunderlist users !
this app is just excellent ! a truly powerful task and project manager . do n't be filled by its apparent simplicity - there are a lot of features and flexibility hidden in this little gem . try it out ! what i would like added though is if the my day planning feature can be extended so i can plan for the next day , not only the same day , so i can populate my following day 's my day view in the evening before going to bed , instead of having to wait to plan on the morning only .
still a great app though coming from wunderlist i do n't understand the crappy import . in wunderlist you add new tasks at the top of the list . in todo at the bottom . yet it imports the list as if it was wunderlist . so all your lists will get new items added in todo at the bottom , where you had your oldest entries in wunderlist . all lists are basically inverted .
best to do app 1. you do n't have to pay for the main things there no things to buy already 2. it is simple 3. design is fantastic 4. they have main things of any todo app ( list , hashtags , reminders , my day tasks , important task , due date , .... ) okay , there are features in another todo app you wo n't find it here like `` sub-sub tasks '' but another app you have to buy another nesscery feature like reminder ... so i suggest this app `` microsoft to do '' is the best to do app : blue_heart : :blue_heart :
when microsoft announced they were killing wunderlist , my expectations for the new thing were soooo low . but they did a great job ! it has all the familiar featues plus some new ones like subtasks , and the user experience is pretty solid ! importing was easy . great job ! the one negative is microsoft 's strongheaded wrong assumption that everyone wants `` one microsoft account for everything . '' please preserve the ability to create different accounts for different purposes !
helps me remember things and keep them organized . it can really work cross devices - hassle free !
wonderfully app , i have a suggestion to add sticky in this app instead of office , or make a spreat sticky app sync with microsoft windows
i was mortified when i heard wunderlist was going to be withdrawn . i downloaded this as suggested and i am pleased with it . it is much the same with a few little extras . easy to use and well organised without a lot of extra clutter that other apps give you . i have decided to use this app immediately instead of waiting until wunderlist ends .
i 've tested several tasks apps and this is my favourite . super simple though effective ! the views are just great . plan by project and execute by due date . overwhelmed ? add to my day just what you feel you can accomplish . i would just suggest a `` delete done tasks '' button , because though you can already hide them the list can become quite big if you use , as i do , recurring daily tasks .
awesome to do list , makes things like grocerie lists very simple the way list can be compiled as a page of single swipeable tabs .
the best to do app ever ! now i do n't forget any important things on my mind . i can write or record at anytime or anywhere . thanks ms
i love this app . it helps me stay organized and reminds me about every single task i have . the ui is great , and integration with outlook ( flagged emails ) and windows is exceptional i 'd also love the idea option to 'review my day ' to know exactly how much i got done ; and integration with outlook 's calenders - that would be nice ... microsoft has some amazing apps and getting to use them all ends up feeling natural ... hats off to the developers
i use to do to track my college assignments and projects . i had tried several other systems but none had the organizational power of to do . i love that i can have a list for each class and attach a due date to each assignment it . the built-in planned list pulls all assignments from my different classes into one list and sorts them by due date . i 'm also planning to start using it for my getting things done system ( david allen ) , which i currently have in evernote . it 's a huge win for me ! !
`` microsoft to do '' keeps my wife and i on the same page ! we use it , increasingly , to help us plan and track routine tasks or specific projects around the house , through shared lists ! because `` microsoft to do '' lets you create customizable list , it can be adapted to almost any purpose or project ; more specifically we share a , grocery/shopping list , chore list , meal planning list ( including ingredients/recipe ) , a travel checklist , and a gift tracking lists . the `` attach file '' option is a big bonus !
great app . i like it just make a better looking widget and allow us to connect to samsung calendar
this is a great organizational tool . it literally combines all my relevant tasks in one place .
love this simple app . it works well .. apart from the odd inconsequential blip . it has helped me to organise my day , list all my to-dos so they 're not in my head . it 's simple enough to learn how to use quickly and i 've got my daily schedule on repeat so regular events pop up daily , weekly , monthly or as one off dates .
easy to use and access . helpful reminder , especially on busy days .
using this app is a great way to organize assignments/ daily tasks/ appointments/ to-do lists . you can keep track of what is due and what has been completed . i use it to keep track of assignments for all of my classes and it 's so easily accessible and user-friendly . this app has helped me break my terrible habit of procrastinating . i actually look forward to doing my homework just so that i can check off all the tasks on my list : face_savoring_food :
i find this an excellent to-do app with sharing capabilities . i love how there is even an option to have completed tasks `` crossed off '' or disappear altogether from a list . i find myself turning up the volume to hear that sweet bell tune when a task is completed , lol .
very competent app . i have actually migrated from todoist after 3 years . why ? because i piled everything into todoist because of its wide functionality but could n't see wood for the trees . any one item could be a project header , a complicated task or a trivial one off task . i have now reverted to managing projects in appropriate software ( in my case mindmanager with a task export to outlook and synch to todo ) and tasks in the very neat and focused todo app which grows on you as you use it .
the task list is so easy to use and it synchs my phone to my laptop .
easy to use . for quick list with reminders for daily or last minute reminders .
overall fine , search option only on main screen , pl give it inside task list , user list also , also data export option
recently replaced wunderlist with this app , after getting used to it i have to say i prefer this app . i like that once you pick a sorting sequence for each category it automatically carries out this function when you add a further entry ie due date . i would have preferred that a folder for completed tasks etc was retained but other than that i 'm happy with this app .
a little gem of an app . it is simple to use yet offers plenty of options for getting yourself organised and for list management . i find the 4 level hierarchy so useful . the hierarchies are groups > lists > tasks > steps but you can leave out level 1 if a particular list is not part of a group . i also like the fact that `` my day '' is managed manually as this ensures that i actually bother to review it . integration with office 365 makes your plan available on all your devices and gives you a backup .
simple . best and optimum . the best to do list notifier and noting app .
great task app . still do n't know how to integrate in to outlook on pc . wunderlist had integration
though it started bland sometime ago , to-do is getting better and better . i find myself using it more and more as it is very convenient for me in my microsoft ecosystem . developers are also responding well for user feedback and ideas for improvements .
really great for staying organized ! super easy to use .
loved how everything is that u offer now . and loved the themes backgrounds and also that u can change the colors . i love pink i changed it to that . i will recommend this apo to other 's . hope u stay forever . this is the best app of the to do ever . and the only one i use . and will ever use .
great app , very useful for both personal and work reminders .
outstanding app . it 's difficult to suggest any features i would add as it has everything i need . the more i use it , the more uses and features i find . if there were more stars , i would rate it higher . update : one feature i would add is a static `` completed '' folder .
i absolutely love this app . i am a sorter at heart , so being able to divide my list into the different sections of my life is very helpful . i also love that i can add others people to my lists . this helps me keep everyone on the same page . thank you microsoft for helping me organize my life .
super easy to use . amazing interface . great for anyone who likes to stay organized
because it lists everything in alphabetical order it is now the perfect app . thank you microsoft .
such a great app for reminders etc . all the functionality and features i would like to have seen in the now redundant cortana for android are in this app . nice ui , great features and a pleasure to use . would like to see integration with calender and a feature to add travel such as flights etc but in the meantime still an excellent app .
keeps everything organized between my wife and me . now she can even tell me what to do when im not home . really though , keeps us totally coordinated and stops us wasting time . live ut for my own lists too . i live by lists so this is a dream come true .
very useful , and it syncs accross all of my devices . this is now my must have app
brilliant app ! allows me to achieve my goals , big ones as well as daily ones .
i like , but i am still trying to figure out how to assign a task to me , in the `` assign to me '' . instructions given , does not work .
great app easy to use and keeps us all in sync with our tasks at work
every day i use it more and in conjunction with the the array of over flowing product offerings vailable . my level of appreciation for what i see coming from microsoft going forward continues to deepen , hand in hand as my level of understanding in the solutions increase
i use this app everyday . so many lists ... camp , groceries , movies to watch !
easy to use . solid synchronization . really good .
perfect to do app . wish it integrated with chrome though , would be nice to have it on my desktop .
easy to use and cross platform synching makes this app one of the best for managing to do activities
really awesome app , it helps my team and i go through all our important chores on the date and time we need it . the notifications about changes and new chores also really helps because you know exactly when something changes .
simply the most delightful app i worked with for my tasks . it 's minimal , but it has a wide range of features , specially how we can repeat a task anyway we want . that 's exactly what i was looking for .
very exciting app . very helpful for my daily or weekly shedule . : glowing_star : :glowing_star : :glowing_star : :glowing_star : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
best todo app i 've used ever . i love the concept of starting each day afresh , makes me feel like i 'm actually accomplishing something unlike when you see the same task on your list day after day after day .
great list organizer ! i 've used any.do for several years , and frankly i like the organization and features of microsoft to do better . the only feature i miss is a total task count . microsoft will likely add it in time .
works a treat ! especially useful for planning what i need to do on a daily basis .
best to do app i have found so far . ms does n't always get it right , but they hit it out of the park with this one !
easy to use and has all basic functions required
love it and i use it every day
i got this app to write my schedule on it . it works great ! ! my children liked it too ! !
the original app ( wunderlist ) was a bit better , but this one still does the job . it 's particularly interesting for unorganized households .
easy to use and neat interface , great supplement to sort your days out , also a great reminder replacement ( for the long dead cortana )
great for managing to do list .
great job : OK_hand :
does everything i need .
awsome
trying dont hack
great app
its the place where i take notes of my homework and projects i 've got to do so pretty useful for me
it makes your life easier .
thank you microsoft due this great app . i wish the feedback section is more active
a fantastic way of sharing tasks with the family and alexa .
i really like this app . even when you are retired one needs some order to keep balance in one life . i have learned to appreciate its benefits : tasks ( the little things we seem to forget every day ) , shopping lists , reminders and the themes that makes it fun . : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
if you can customize the colur of the title of the list ( the name that you see in the bar ) it would be a nice feature , other than that great app
was sad to replace wunderlist but this app is really good . i particularly like the my day feature and the fact you can see all your to dos for today all together .
love it
after trying a few other apps , i decided to us this one . the things that attracted me were very easy to use and have all the features i needed .
super helpful ! !
amazing
great for organising my work life balance
i absolutely love this app ! it looks amazing , the dark theme is a great addition . it 's also really cool to be able to make lists within lists . 5 out of 5
the best to do app ever ! now i do n't forget any important things on my mind . i can write or record at anytime or anywhere . thanks ms
greatttt : growing_heart : :growing_heart : :thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone : :thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone :
easy to use . for quick list with reminders for daily or last minute reminders .
wonderful app
i love it
gooooooooooooood niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
great app .
i love it
exactly what i have been looking for . love it
fantastic and simple app
i feel good with this app , it 's a great note app .
easy to use and cross platform synching makes this app one of the best for managing to do activities
really great for staying organized ! super easy to use .
it is great ! simple as that .
very good app in our life
fantastic , it saves my life
really useful and easy to use .
i love the organzation
perfect . wonderful idea
great task app . still do n't know how to integrate in to outlook on pc . wunderlist had integration
i love making lists and this application makes it much more accessible to do so ... : green_circle : i do n't have to worry about which pocket my hand written list was last put into . : green_circle : i do n't have to worry about keeping a pen on me or losing it in the store for the tenth time . lol : winking_face_with_tongue : : green_circle : and i dont have to check things off ! ! ! ! the app just checks it off for me with a single tap .
as always ms makes the best thing , but fails to offer video training and integration and some basic crm features . needs imporvement on 1 ) multi importance/priority level with drop down box and for sorting .... 2 ) `` repeat '' does n't add today 's to-dos , just an alert . ... 3 ) beable to organize more than just today .... add wk mo & yr. .. 4 ) crm and calendar need upgrading and integration with outlook app ..... 5 ) training ? ?
realizing wunderlist was going away was unfortunate but this app does a great job at replacing it . i really like the graphics and the background image of the needle .
it 's awesome !
inspired by today and tomorrow and my life is i can do the one i sent was her last name correctly lawson you in the people in and always and my lifetime ago i think it 's the same time for you to come home now yes love in the people who went to sleep at my house i will be in touch with you in the morning and always my favorite person i know when you 're ready to talk with me about working and i will there today yes sounds great idea for yes love love love love in the one who went to the people'sn
wow too good
it 's different from wunderlist but pretty close . its like changing from gmail to outlook but it 's working for me .
sencilla , práctica , y cumple como debería . si buscás una app para anotar tareas o recordatorios está es la indicada . lo mejor es que puedes tener la app tanto en celular como en ordenador y lo que anotas en uno se actualiza en el otro .
very useful
this app is awesome . at the moment while we 're in quarantine . i have to do a whole bunch of school work and it 's just easier for me to make sure i 'm doing everything . make sure i 'm getting everything done and it 's just really great . thank you so much !
best to do list app so far . i like it
easy to use , has many features , perfect planner app
extremely appropriate for those who enjoy time management : red_heart :
this is a good app for note and everything as you want .... i am so happy for using this app .... but it is more better if have search options ... so currently improve it ..
this is a very cool app . perfect ! although it should have more link options for other apps as well .
very useful .
it 's top notch ! but i removed it just because other outlook-related apps not working well in outlook
i use it everyday and completely love it . it is very simplistic to use and understand , even for older folks like me ! if i 'm putting together a list of projects i want to get done ; it 's allows me to take a picture or a screenshot , then title and save it by category ! extremely helpful for users of all age groups ; and with the backup & sync features you just ca n't go wrong with this app !
excellent
wonderful
you rock ! from grumpy grandma . than you so much !
i love it ! this app us so simple and easy to use , it 's so clear to see what needs to be done . i love how you can carry tasks over from one day to another or carry over tasks from over lists . i also love how you can add steps to a task and set a due date . i love it : )
i like so much but i have a advice . like , if you make completed task go down automatically
pretty good
awesome
excellent - this is even better than wunderlist which i really loved , they 've taken it up another level . brilliant cross platform tool for managing all my tasks
to-do list
i love it : shooting_star :
the best todo app i 've ever used 100/10 would recommend ! ! !
helps keep me organized
awesome : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : since we have online school i can use this for a schedule !
very exciting app . very helpful for my daily or weekly shedule . : glowing_star : :glowing_star : :glowing_star : :glowing_star : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
really useful app
very nice app
simple and amazing
apresenta problemas de autenticacao direto e , o pior : qd desinstalei o programa e o reinstalei , na tentativa de conseguir autenticar e logar na conta , perdi todas as minhas informacoes anteriores , ja q a unica alternativa de importacao que eu tive era a do wunderlist , nao a da conta da microsoft salva na internet .
very good app really : black_heart :
lovely
easy to use . solid synchronization . really good .
love this app ! !
loving how this is organized .
great app
best app for daily life .
very easy to use .
this app is very useful . minimalist , yet almost everything is available . i could group my activities sub-activities and tasks as per my wish and use them to plan accordingly . a calendar option would make it complete .
amazing app to take notes and make to do lists .
this is quite frankly the best to-do app i 've ever used . it has features i did n't even know i needed , like searching for tasks , or the my day tasks list . it syncs really well and worked even better than i 'd hoped . great job .
better than previous app i used
super awesome : thumbs_up :
very useful
works great
i have tried few . this is my choice for work and private use
great ! !
simple to use and seemless sync with outlook
very useful
not what i thought it was ... this only blocks out time for your calendars . i was looking for something that would help with daily routines . : confused_face : . i even tried to use the calendar before giving up ... but it refused to sync . so it 's useless
dependant on another calendar app . why ? why do i need to have another app to use this app ? i ca n't add plans or schedule without this app throwing the task to google calendar . besides , i do n't use g.c anymore since i once missed an event which i put a reminder through the g.c app because it never reminded me . i read one comment for this app that it never gave a reminder for a scheduled task and yes i have an idea why it happened .
doesnt work on all android wear os devices . specifically , doesnt work with the watch active2 .
too complicated . it probably has a lot of , but it 's not intuitive enough .
cool visual but does n't work the way i thought it would . i do n't like organizing my hour-by-hour tasks through my calendar because it clutters it up and makes me miss my important events . i wanted to use this app thinking that it would allow me to plan my dialy tasks just through the app . but every time i want to plan an event it forces me to do it through my calendar which i do n't like . good concept , but i do n't see a reason to use it since it just wants me to use my calendar anyway .
i wanted to like it , iinitially it looked great but it has such a limited window of time view it 's no good for planning . a few hours view and that 's it . scrolling hour by hour day by day ? useless . its sole function appears to be to tell you what you 've got coming up in the next few hours which frankly is not much use to anyone as far as i can see . cloud cal uses similar circles with a view of the whole month which would be great but sadly the pro version does n't work so no go there either .
used to love it , but the latest version broke it . could n't get it to work . all widget face buttons would work for a few seconds then break . tried all settings , did n't work . fix it and i 'll reconsider my rating .
there should be add different time schedule in app not be in mobile colander
puts all info in default google calendar .
it has a lot of functionality bugs . some of my events were not adding , after restaring the app , other events just disappeared etc . i m really sorry i had to delete it because it looked nice and could be very useful but it s not working . thanks !
i like this app . it 's just that whenever i enter something in my calendar , it would not sink right away .
does not work properly , does not update wit hcalendar entries , worst thing , can not aak my money back ! ! ! ! ! ! !
can not use without existing calendar
clicking on the widget does n't open the app anymore : ( : (
wo n't sync with my calendar , sam-note 10
not sync with google calendar
uninstalled ... not at all what i thought it was . this entire app is basically just a fancy way to look at the calendars you already have . everything syncs both ways , so if you add your actually daily schedule minute by minute to this app you are also cluttering up your calendar ( s ) with the same things . would 've been neat if it actually had some kind of function , but i do n't need to waste sd card space on a calendar viewing app .
how it should work is fantastic and perfect for me . but whenever i have my schedule laid out and planned , the app deletes them or forgets them and i have to start over , only to have them deleted again . i really really want to use it . why does it make it so unable to ?
it gives the option to add a local calendar but does n't let you use it unless you also give permission to use a google or outlook calendar . kind of defeats the purpose of doing a local-only calendar if i ca n't actually use it .
good on paper , tried it out and off the bat would n't sync any news items , wish it had an option to at least input items directly . either way didnt work
dude . do n't we all want people to pay us for everything we come up with . xxxxxxx hi ! thanks for the attentive reply . though this app was not worth the payment or storage space for me , i did find one that works nicely . looking forward to more replies , hopefully relevant , or none at all .
most of my google calendar events does n't appear in the sectograph app . if i try to delete some events which is appeared , it can not remove in the app also . i prefer if the app has own calendar so that events that ill creat might able show easier .
edit : still does n't work . i suggest adding proper integration with outlook because it is leaps and bounds ahead of google in terms of usability and ease . - before edit : does n't show me the events already listed on my outlook calendar . every day is blank . when i go to add an event with only outlook calendar selected it wants me to add an event into another calendar . i do n't care about adding events ( i can do it on another platform ) but if ca n't even see my outlook events then this is useless . gave it all necessary permissions and checked dates and synced .
the idea is great , however it adds only event to my calendar . i like circle planer idea and that i simply can put work and then event at work and that it reflects on this circle . this has potential but make it simple and functional . i was used to test some apps and for me this was not functional and easy going . make it that 7 years old kid can use it .
love this app . got the pro version . it will save a lot of my cognitive work ! please fix this bug : the colour of events are set to blue when the event is created using the default colour of the ( sub ) calendar . overall the app needs better ux design w.r.t the complex menu for customization and some other things e.g it was hard to figure out how to get separate widget for different calendars . but in terms of functionality it is awesome !
what appealed to me the most about this app was the promise that we get to see the clock on your home screen . however the settings does n't offer that option ... now it 's just another app callendar you have to tap to see what 's coming up ... i liked the idea i could just turn on my phone and bang ! the clock would just simply show me my schedule ... idk if it 's a bug or just a false promise , either way it 's disappointing .
purchased the full version which did nothing . opted for a 24 hour face , again nothing . tried to add additional events in upcoming days , did not show up at all .
bought the paid version . the app fails to get data from anything except gmail . good concept but lacks in across provider connectivity .
i wanted to like this app . it 's a very convenient way to see all the info i need right on the screen , but when i click on the task button i get trapped on the task screen with no way back . i have to kill the app to restart it in the clock visualization mode .
does not integrate month calendar view and 24hrs view within the circular widget graphics : it only shows 24hrs ( 12hrs in free version ) . very restrictive : the widget shows full info for one day , and no info ahead , unless you select a different day . for the days ahead you need to leave the widget , and work in a different environment . why complicate your life ? find a calendar app you like , stay with it , come back to sectograph when ( and if ) the widget fully implements time and task management .
poor settings options . i tried to set a schedule for an entire day to be more productive . kept getting emails for each task at the time i scheduled it . i also got notification pop-ups on my macbook calendar app which seemed to sync itself with my google calendar . i went to google calendar to turn it off but it would n't let me . i had to delete all 10 emails , hide the notifications and now i will be uninstall this app . it should have an option to disable syncing . nice idea . lazy developers .
after installing the app , i check to see if my reacurring event would show up . and it did that one time . so minutes after i insalled i had to let it go .
great concept but executed poorly . i added 2 events between 6.30am and 9.30 but when i tried adding one for 10.30am it would let me , saying it overlapped with another event which it did not . i even checked my calendar and nothing was there for that time . it 's now 11.42am , i tried adding an event for 3.30pm and it said its saved but has n't showed on the clock or anything so it 's pretty useless at this point .
worked fab until recently then i noticed the time in the centre was an hour wrong although when i went into the app it had the time right . so i uninstalled and tried to reinstall but when i tried to put the widget on my home screen it now puts on a blank box that 's resizable but invisible otherwise ! very disappointed .
it 's pure discriminating to have to buy an extension to be able to use 24-hour mode ! either make it free or let everyone pay for the app ! i would love to try this app because it really looks like it has a really nice concept , but since the devs choose to make just some people pay for it , then i 'll gladly give it a bad review instead ..
i do n't know why i ca n't seem to be able to adjust the hours correctly . when i updated the time to wake up at 7.30 am but the app keep displaying i 'm to wake up at 6.30am ... what 's wrong ? wasted my time keep trying to update it . this is good effort for developer to create this app but can pls fix all the issue ... may seem minor but to me it 's confusing and thus rendering it less useful . tq .
bestapp ever super useful the only reason for the bad review , is because i already paid for the pro-version of this app because it 's that useful * ! ! .. but it 's very disappointing this app is not supported by my google watch its not compatible with my ax armani connected smart watch please fix ; it would be very useful to see my appointments and errands displayed on my watch . without having to open my phone to view than thanks alot i 'll removed the bad feed back onces its fixed- 5 stars !
so it 's just a demo to see if you would like to purchase the app . it says it does this so you can learn how to use the app . but it does n't allow you to do anything because none of my info or calenders can be added to it because it 's just a demo . so it 's really hard to tell if i like something if i ca n't do anything on it . something to think about if you actually want to make money selling an app . just saying . thanks for wasting my time while i 'm trying to save time .
only certain google calendar entries show in the sectograph making this absolutely pointless . a great idea that is flawed in execution .
uninstalled as calendar events keep appearing under the wrong date . disappointing .
it shows you all the features , very helpful and everything and as a final blow ... it will tell you that 24 hour widget is only available via in app purchase . this is very very misleading for someone who have given their time , signed in with google , synced their events etc . frustrated .
nothing work , i have my calendar prepared for months , and nothing come inside the sectograph , even i added new one , nothing appeared
this program does not work , period ! installed . opened . just sits there at the start screen , frozen and does nothing . no available controls or menu . nothing . do not use it . there is nothing to use .
inaccurate - always says activity overlaps with another activity when it does n't .
not sure how this app received such high ratings . it is just making you add events in your google calendar to create a pie . i do n't want to add daily tasks to my google calendar . i thought this app was going to be more efficient , but it 's not .
i wasted my time and money because it does n't sync to my watch . i spent hours trying to get it to work . i emailed the developer a few times but it took a few emails before he realized that his program does n't sync to the gears s3 .
great idea but does n't show all events for the day ; does n't show events in designated colours ( all look the same ) ; does n't show repeat events ! no use really . i 'm removing it from my phone .
installed , looked like what i was looking for , loved the design . but the app makes me use the standard alarms and calander of my phone to put every bit of planning in , and i hate the calendar on my phone , thats why i came here ... to bad
it 's not working unfortunately . at first it was reflecting then when i added more items , it 's no longer working . it just keeps adding the data in the calendar but no graph is being created
dear developer , i have paid the amount for pro version . after deduction still app is not get updated to pro version . i have mail you the same issue & asked you to look into . expecting immediate responce from you .
worked for 2 days . now i ca n't enter anything . i enter date time description hit save it says saved but nothing shows up on the lo k dial thingy . too bad nice . oncept . tho
if you love complex chronographs and a tiny slice of color tells you all , then this app is for you . this is not a user friendly interface . does not play well with 9.0 pie ( but not much does ) .
it 's a good app but there should be downloadble templates since it would take time and a lot harder to create your own design .
the wigit does n't come with the free version . it does the same thing your google calendar can do . i was looking for something for time blocking ... this is time flopping
i just bought pro on my tablet 15 minutes ago and then installed sectograph on my phone and it says i have to buy pro again . what the heck happened with syncing google accounts
would love this to work . it says it is working ( ticks against my google calendars ) . shows a few . does n't show most . disappointing .
very nice app . could be very useful , but unfortunately does not sync . : (
looks good but it does n't sync with events from existing calendars . it only syncs the holiday calendar but not my personal calendar .
no longer work in android 9. it can '' t load meetings from outlook or even from google accounts . interface is badly designed too .
the planner does not work well . when i set it as every monday , it shows different days .
i dont get it in google callender i set a goal to run 4:30 every morning but why on earth is it so that the app sets time on its own and when i edit it it is edited only for one day not the others
did not work on my amazon fire 8. app just flashed abou a mile a minute and nothing could be selected .
there is an issue in syncing and the events are lost in few mins post adding it . the app could have had their own calendar without syncing to android calendar . please improvise
wo n't show events i add to it . makes different events random flags or sectors for no particular reason . really annoying .
uninstalled in 5 minutes . it did n't populate anything that i had on my calender . i even tried to manually put in events and it would n't show on widget
lnot friendly interface
cant access calendar . allow access to calendar ? crashes . waiti or close app .
hard to use . if we could make some changes just by sliding the clock or smthn that would be awesome
the whole app is based on the system calendar app .. when adding , showing ... tasks .. use apis but personnalize the design ..
not a stand alone app . must use calendar on mobile , my pout was to use it on its own .
no outlook calendar support . most business people use outlook ...
should have an option to add reminders . it only displays events
unable to see the widget on huawei honor play ... after adding the widget to my microsoft launcher ... it does not appear ...
it only lets you use it linked with google calendar . you ca n't have 2 separate things .
deleted app due to not putting things in i was looking forward to using this app i am getting the same issues as sharlyn
needs to access data on device , events ca n't be entered manually
this app is good but the setting is not understandable ... i might not even give it a single star
i almost tried this . when it opened google calendar so i could create a new event im writing this then uninstalling .
paid for the pro version but ca n't keep the changes i make to the settings .
does n't sync anymore ! & i paid for the pro version ... : face_with_steam_from_nose :
foolish app . steals data . does n't have anything of itself . takes everything from google calendar
cool idea , but it forces you to use google calendar
does n't import anything from my calendar despite my calendar being ticked as a source , so pretty much pointless . i 'm not double entering everything .
the most complicated routine managing app ever , stay away from this one .
this app only connects you with google calendar and that 's it . not useful
it wouldnt sync to my google calendar i had it set up and everything
language of the app does n't change at all places
want to customize colors buy the pro version . not a chance . thanks for nothing b
edit : reply from developer says sorry if they `` offended my feelings '' ? really ? this is n't a dispute about feelings . to suggest such is a fallacy . personal attacks are not welcome when discussing dislike of your pay model . original : everything is extra . 24h mode , colors , any default functionality will cost you more ! bad model ! because they can add and remove features and make you pay again or more . let us pay once for the app instead of you being sneaky and greedy .
there is no time setting in this graph only dates , that 's while .......
not felt user friendly
really frustating configuration ...
demo demo .. not compatible with outlook ..
unable to understand the planner
in this app it is very hard to use
just an unwanted extension of calendar
it 's not working : ( (
very bad .. do n't download very complicated app
does not connect with your phone 's calendar
unable to use the widget
i 'm sure this would be a great app ... if you could actually use it . but it only allows you do add things from another calendar making it useless if you do n't have one .
can not use without existing calendar
not what i thought it was ... this only blocks out time for your calendars . i was looking for something that would help with daily routines . : confused_face : . i even tried to use the calendar before giving up ... but it refused to sync . so it 's useless
there should be add different time schedule in app not be in mobile colander
really frustating configuration ...
too complicated . it probably has a lot of , but it 's not intuitive enough .
in this app it is very hard to use
doesnt work on all android wear os devices . specifically , doesnt work with the watch active2 .
no es intuitiva
puts all info in default google calendar .
how it should work is fantastic and perfect for me . but whenever i have my schedule laid out and planned , the app deletes them or forgets them and i have to start over , only to have them deleted again . i really really want to use it . why does it make it so unable to ?
dependant on another calendar app . why ? why do i need to have another app to use this app ? i ca n't add plans or schedule without this app throwing the task to google calendar . besides , i do n't use g.c anymore since i once missed an event which i put a reminder through the g.c app because it never reminded me . i read one comment for this app that it never gave a reminder for a scheduled task and yes i have an idea why it happened .
uninstalled ... not at all what i thought it was . this entire app is basically just a fancy way to look at the calendars you already have . everything syncs both ways , so if you add your actually daily schedule minute by minute to this app you are also cluttering up your calendar ( s ) with the same things . would 've been neat if it actually had some kind of function , but i do n't need to waste sd card space on a calendar viewing app .
not sync with google calendar
this is demo only
i like this app . it 's just that whenever i enter something in my calendar , it would not sink right away .
i wanted to like it , iinitially it looked great but it has such a limited window of time view it 's no good for planning . a few hours view and that 's it . scrolling hour by hour day by day ? useless . its sole function appears to be to tell you what you 've got coming up in the next few hours which frankly is not much use to anyone as far as i can see . cloud cal uses similar circles with a view of the whole month which would be great but sadly the pro version does n't work so no go there either .
uninstalled as calendar events keep appearing under the wrong date . disappointing .
cool visual but does n't work the way i thought it would . i do n't like organizing my hour-by-hour tasks through my calendar because it clutters it up and makes me miss my important events . i wanted to use this app thinking that it would allow me to plan my dialy tasks just through the app . but every time i want to plan an event it forces me to do it through my calendar which i do n't like . good concept , but i do n't see a reason to use it since it just wants me to use my calendar anyway .
used to love it , but the latest version broke it . could n't get it to work . all widget face buttons would work for a few seconds then break . tried all settings , did n't work . fix it and i 'll reconsider my rating .
clicking on the widget does n't open the app anymore : ( : (
good on paper , tried it out and off the bat would n't sync any news items , wish it had an option to at least input items directly . either way didnt work
lnot friendly interface
it gives the option to add a local calendar but does n't let you use it unless you also give permission to use a google or outlook calendar . kind of defeats the purpose of doing a local-only calendar if i ca n't actually use it .
does not work properly , does not update wit hcalendar entries , worst thing , can not aak my money back ! ! ! ! ! ! !
wo n't sync with my calendar , sam-note 10
it has a lot of functionality bugs . some of my events were not adding , after restaring the app , other events just disappeared etc . i m really sorry i had to delete it because it looked nice and could be very useful but it s not working . thanks !
language of the app does n't change at all places
its really hard to shedule
not felt user friendly
v.v.v.v.bad
instalei de novo e não mudou muito minha ideia . quero um calendário e não uma ferramenta pra integração com o calendário do google . tá de sacanagem
inaccurate - always says activity overlaps with another activity when it does n't .
nothing work , i have my calendar prepared for months , and nothing come inside the sectograph , even i added new one , nothing appeared
want to customize colors buy the pro version . not a chance . thanks for nothing b
24 hour mode is a pro feature ? !
bought the paid version . the app fails to get data from anything except gmail . good concept but lacks in across provider connectivity .
i ca n't synchronized to my calendar .
dude . do n't we all want people to pay us for everything we come up with . xxxxxxx hi ! thanks for the attentive reply . though this app was not worth the payment or storage space for me , i did find one that works nicely . looking forward to more replies , hopefully relevant , or none at all .
purchased the full version which did nothing . opted for a 24 hour face , again nothing . tried to add additional events in upcoming days , did not show up at all .
after installing the app , i check to see if my reacurring event would show up . and it did that one time . so minutes after i insalled i had to let it go .
most of my google calendar events does n't appear in the sectograph app . if i try to delete some events which is appeared , it can not remove in the app also . i prefer if the app has own calendar so that events that ill creat might able show easier .
приложение путает am и pm
only certain google calendar entries show in the sectograph making this absolutely pointless . a great idea that is flawed in execution .
wew
alarm nahi he
it 's not working : ( (
deleted app due to not putting things in i was looking forward to using this app i am getting the same issues as sharlyn
the idea is great , however it adds only event to my calendar . i like circle planer idea and that i simply can put work and then event at work and that it reflects on this circle . this has potential but make it simple and functional . i was used to test some apps and for me this was not functional and easy going . make it that 7 years old kid can use it .
it 's not working unfortunately . at first it was reflecting then when i added more items , it 's no longer working . it just keeps adding the data in the calendar but no graph is being created
i just bought pro on my tablet 15 minutes ago and then installed sectograph on my phone and it says i have to buy pro again . what the heck happened with syncing google accounts
it wouldnt sync to my google calendar i had it set up and everything
very nice app . could be very useful , but unfortunately does not sync . : (
great idea but does n't show all events for the day ; does n't show events in designated colours ( all look the same ) ; does n't show repeat events ! no use really . i 'm removing it from my phone .
this is very good
difficult to understand . bit complicated
no outlook calendar support . most business people use outlook ...
not a stand alone app . must use calendar on mobile , my pout was to use it on its own .
just an unwanted extension of calendar
no use
there is no time setting in this graph only dates , that 's while .......
this program does not work , period ! installed . opened . just sits there at the start screen , frozen and does nothing . no available controls or menu . nothing . do not use it . there is nothing to use .
poor interface .
not good
hard to use . if we could make some changes just by sliding the clock or smthn that would be awesome
foolish app . steals data . does n't have anything of itself . takes everything from google calendar
what appealed to me the most about this app was the promise that we get to see the clock on your home screen . however the settings does n't offer that option ... now it 's just another app callendar you have to tap to see what 's coming up ... i liked the idea i could just turn on my phone and bang ! the clock would just simply show me my schedule ... idk if it 's a bug or just a false promise , either way it 's disappointing .
great concept but executed poorly . i added 2 events between 6.30am and 9.30 but when i tried adding one for 10.30am it would let me , saying it overlapped with another event which it did not . i even checked my calendar and nothing was there for that time . it 's now 11.42am , i tried adding an event for 3.30pm and it said its saved but has n't showed on the clock or anything so it 's pretty useless at this point .
does n't sync anymore ! & i paid for the pro version ... : face_with_steam_from_nose :
did n't like it .. it 's connected to the calinder ..
too useless
poor settings options . i tried to set a schedule for an entire day to be more productive . kept getting emails for each task at the time i scheduled it . i also got notification pop-ups on my macbook calendar app which seemed to sync itself with my google calendar . i went to google calendar to turn it off but it would n't let me . i had to delete all 10 emails , hide the notifications and now i will be uninstall this app . it should have an option to disable syncing . nice idea . lazy developers .
no instructions ..
should have an option to add reminders . it only displays events
i wanted to like this app . it 's a very convenient way to see all the info i need right on the screen , but when i click on the task button i get trapped on the task screen with no way back . i have to kill the app to restart it in the clock visualization mode .
no longer work in android 9. it can '' t load meetings from outlook or even from google accounts . interface is badly designed too .
it only lets you use it linked with google calendar . you ca n't have 2 separate things .
unable to understand the planner
can anyone tell me how to use this app ?
dear developer , i have paid the amount for pro version . after deduction still app is not get updated to pro version . i have mail you the same issue & asked you to look into . expecting immediate responce from you .
looks good but it does n't sync with events from existing calendars . it only syncs the holiday calendar but not my personal calendar .
its too complicated
love this app . got the pro version . it will save a lot of my cognitive work ! please fix this bug : the colour of events are set to blue when the event is created using the default colour of the ( sub ) calendar . overall the app needs better ux design w.r.t the complex menu for customization and some other things e.g it was hard to figure out how to get separate widget for different calendars . but in terms of functionality it is awesome !
paid for the pro version but ca n't keep the changes i make to the settings .
where is the alarm tone setting in this .
cool idea , but it forces you to use google calendar
i dont understand anything . it 's super complicated
uninstalled in 5 minutes . it did n't populate anything that i had on my calender . i even tried to manually put in events and it would n't show on widget
bestapp ever super useful the only reason for the bad review , is because i already paid for the pro-version of this app because it 's that useful * ! ! .. but it 's very disappointing this app is not supported by my google watch its not compatible with my ax armani connected smart watch please fix ; it would be very useful to see my appointments and errands displayed on my watch . without having to open my phone to view than thanks alot i 'll removed the bad feed back onces its fixed- 5 stars !
does n't import anything from my calendar despite my calendar being ticked as a source , so pretty much pointless . i 'm not double entering everything .
does not integrate month calendar view and 24hrs view within the circular widget graphics : it only shows 24hrs ( 12hrs in free version ) . very restrictive : the widget shows full info for one day , and no info ahead , unless you select a different day . for the days ahead you need to leave the widget , and work in a different environment . why complicate your life ? find a calendar app you like , stay with it , come back to sectograph when ( and if ) the widget fully implements time and task management .
would love this to work . it says it is working ( ticks against my google calendars ) . shows a few . does n't show most . disappointing .
not working
the most complicated routine managing app ever , stay away from this one .
this app is good but the setting is not understandable ... i might not even give it a single star
wo n't show events i add to it . makes different events random flags or sectors for no particular reason . really annoying .
i wasted my time and money because it does n't sync to my watch . i spent hours trying to get it to work . i emailed the developer a few times but it took a few emails before he realized that his program does n't sync to the gears s3 .
demo demo .. not compatible with outlook ..
took too long to sync . uninstalled .
it 's a good app but there should be downloadble templates since it would take time and a lot harder to create your own design .
the widget does n't auto update after i add an event . always need to click the manual refresh button . same goes for when i delete an event .
i have been using the fully unlocked version of this application for over a year . this is a fantastic app ! however , it lacks the capability to sync with outlook calendars . for example , if i have subscribed to my work outlook calendar in google calendar , the events will not be synchronized with sectograph . this would be fine if this was the documented behavior of this application . however , subscribed-outlook calendars are selectable from the calendar selection menu ...
after last update the widget became very small , and clicking on it does not open up the full app . also wo n't sync to my calendar anymore . uninstalling .
ok good to know , thanks ! it still wo n't show all of my calendar items on the clock . i 'll put some on and it will take them off as i add more .
it was a good app until this most recent update now my widget does n't work it 's not syncing with my calendars i 'm losing dates appointments
very complex ui , it needs google calendar and does n't work without it . i needed a app like this but as a daily planner ! not just showing the calendar events from google calendar stupidly on a clock .
this is exactly the app i was looking for to visual my day , as the clock face just makes sense . however , only being able to add to the schedule via external calendar apps makes this completely unusable . i tried to use it to better manage my routine , but my calendar app became so full of menial tasks that i was unable to see my upcoming appointments and events of most importance . it has amazing potential , but is currently only good for basic planning . very disappointing .
i 'm going to start by saying who segments their hours on a clock into fifths ? that 's not standard and just annoying . second , why ca n't i add events from the app ? it always redirects to google calendar , so what is this app even good for ? i 'll just use my calendar , and it will be easier ......
ca n't sync calendar unless you pay which makes the unpaid version useless to me . i 'm not going to go through my entire calendar and add my events by hand to a second calendar . pointless .
events wo n't show up on the clock after i adjust the time of the event . they show up , and then i change the time and they disappear . so , so frustrating . : ( i wanted to save time , not waste it . : ( why ? why ? ? ? ? ? : ( why ? ? : woman_facepalming : :woman_facepalming : :woman_facepalming : : ( : woman_facepalming : i used this app for 5 minutes and then hit a roadblock . why ?
wish it didnt have to connect to the calandar . i wanted to keep my phones calandar widget separate from this but its impossible . disappointing .
this app does n't show all the activities of my google calender , so to me the app is quite useless . i even checked all the available calendars to make sure the settings were right . however , the concept seems to be great for people with a busy agenda , but since it has no use i unfortunately had to delete this app .
the app itself is really nice . i like how the widget displays my schedule for the day , it.gives me a very nice grasp of my time . the bad thing is that it slows down my smartphone , i have a s9 , and it drains a lot of battery . it makes my phone lag and `` stutter '' when i try to open it . i uninstalled ans reinstalled apps to check my theories , so i uninstalled this one , the phone was doing so much better . and i even paid for the pro version ! ! !
not in sync with my google account . bad in regards to automatically getting what i planned and plus i ca n't use it when i am using my pc ! ! ! but thumbs up for this sectogragh the idea is brilliant . please work on updates because very soon i might not use it if i still have to re-enter all my days task and activities ! ! ! it should be able to get data from my google account and i should be able to use it on pc . pc is really perfect use for this kind of app ! ! !
this app was exactly what i was looking for . a visual of the day in clock form . only issue is , if i add something to the clock it adds it to my calendar . i do n't want that . i want an app where the calendar and app are separate . this was supposed to be for studying and exercise . i did n't want to have to add those things as into my ready packed calendar . it was a fast uninstall . iif there was an option to disconnect the two , i 'd reinstall .
not a fan - liked the idea of diving into main areas and percentage of your day it occupates but what flipped me up was scheduling a reminder - daily . i started getting a morning reminder of the task for the next day schedule for i.e 7pm ! ! ! ! ! -i mean what about task i have for this day ahead ! ! ! i do n't need to be notified 27hrs ahead of my daily rutine - seriously : face_vomiting :
really beautiful and great idea . it is unfortunate for anyone who does n't buy into all things google and do n't use google callander . in this day , building your app to only one service is not a good idea unless it 's for the iphone . now if i could get my work calendar on this app , wow , what a great way to visualize your day . just playing with the demo showed me the power of this style .
i granted this app full access to my google calendar , but none of my events show up in the diagram . it remains completely empty except for national holidays ( like national tartan day on april 6th . yay ! ) i 've given this two stars instead of one because this •could• be awesome . the design is great .
this app does n't seem to show multiple calenders for the same google account . p.s . in my google calendar , the desired calendar has got sync enabled still the issue exists . p.s . 2- in the my calenders menu , it is not even showing the second calender which i have made for the same google account .
i love the ideia but the executation is not good , i want to put reminders for every day and know what i need to do in a clock like that , this app needs his own callendar and clock for we customize without messing up anything on the original apps in the phone , this need a every day reminder , routine and stuff
correct idea worng execution . the watch face ui cannont be operated like manually moving clock hands . the time zone stick moves at an interval of 1hr , i wanted to set it at any choosen time and add reminder from there . big flop was it did not read my calender event and yes i did give necessary permission . phone - one plus 7 os build- oxygen os 9.5.5 gm57aa further action- uninstalling outlook- would like to try it post improvement
i have problem with purchasing the pro version . when i click on `` buy pro '' button , it says `` already purchased . please restart the app '' . i have not yet purchased it though , and nothing happens when i restart the app .
it would be a great app if it had an option to use it without syncing it to your calendar like timetune . i do n't want all my tasks to show up on my calendar , and their solution was n't working .
otherwise the app is good but i bought the full version and did i exepet to get customization fratures atleast give to feature to mark different sectors with different colours ... very disappointed ... you guys should consider making the user interface less complicated ...
great idea in principle but it 's so hard to work out what 's going on that that so far it 's useless : - (
cool concept , but unusable for google business users because all of your coworkers calendars are selected by default and there 's no bulk `` deselect all '' button .
there 's no simple reminders or ability to add to do task , everything has to be added via calendar which is irritating me ... app is useless right now
does n't let you choose specific calendar events to ignore . no way to track how you actually spent your time if it did n't match your calendar
useful for organizing the activities of the day but do n't have setting on sound to notify the time of activity
no graph showing - shows the task sector on phone app , but on watch its just the bare bones time with no events charted .
not a single event , appointment , meeting , etc ... is showing up . going to uninstall after rating .
it only works when linked to another calendar app .... and it 's difficult to change the time from am to pm .....
i like the idea , but it 's not working with outlook calendar properly . this a big drawback for me .
could n't get the rest of my calendars to appear . feedback help was n't clear as well . uninstalling
the current day shows events for the next day and seemingly no option to change it . very annoying .
i really like how amazing it is on my phone . but i 'm so disappointed to see that it ca n't be downloaded or visualized on my new galaxy active watch ...
tutorial did not explain much and too confusing to figure out the benefit of using this app .
was working fine before. . but it 's not working now .. not registering my events
i dont like that it only works with calendar . i dont want a calendar even called `` sleep '' just to keep it on the graph
not exactly useful . was hoping it would be easier to see or more customizable .
certain of the event does n't show up in the clock , just recorded in my calender .
i like this app but it 's always saying it has stopped on my phone
i loved this app , but after the new update i am unable to use the widget . uninstalled .
no option for reminders , it does n't show reminders of my google calendar . and i dont wan na create events for my daily habits lol
hello team , i am not able to set different colours for different sectors . could you please help me show how its done ? ? i purchased your app in light that it will give me option for above .
wish it did n't force me to use google calendar . i wanted to start a new calender off of this app
when adding a task it transferring you to google calendar then after adding the event it does n't appear on the widget ?
hi i can add just 1 event why i try to add more in google calendar it shown but in this app it 's not show up
does not support more than only one outlook calendar
i 'm just not finding time to work with this app . so by no means the star rank im giving the apl is just a temp ranking .
does n't sync to my smartwatch : disappointed_face :
once installed the app was showing another time zone .
the widget is feezing after every night
no adding option for the time
could n't change time zone , its an hour ahead and no setting to select my time zone
it good and useful app
it is so stupid that i have to be coneccted to my calender and cant just create what i want . to much work not worth it
i downloaded it but do n't know how to use it ... really messed up app
could n't exactly figure out how to use it
do n't know how to use
does not show reminders
it dont have alarm feature
never tried it yet
too confusing not neat
it does not ync eith al the calendars
sync is not good
updated : i want to love this but like others have said , it does n't work with all calendars as claimed . to get outlook or any other calendar to work , you have to have your calendar sync with google , which not everyone wants or can do . it also only works with google 's smart watch , not android wear os smart watches . great look and idea , but very limited by being google only .
: face_without_mouth : :face_without_mouth : :face_without_mouth : :face_without_mouth :
acceptable
good
not good
beutiful and easy to use once you get used to it however i wished creating an event was a bit more simple and quick . update : no longer syncs to my calender and the dates are all messed up .... too bad i loved it
very confusing . when problems occur the resolution isnt made clear .
i got this thinking i could use it as a gear 2 watch face . it 's a cool idea but would be much better if i could use it on my gear 2 .
does n't work on my asus zenfone 5 ( ze620kl ) it does n't show up whenever i add the widget in my home screen .
i 'm sure it would be great if it did n't pick and chose what events to display from my calendar . i have multiple events logged in my calendar , the only calendar it 's synced to and the only calendar those events are logged on , yet just one of them shows up . it has a lovely design , but that does n't mean anything when the app does n't actually work for what it 's intended for .
ca n't adjust center clock size . ca n't open alarms by touching the center clock . the image for opening the app on the play store does n't represent what you can customize the clock to look like as a widget . augh . cool but lacking necessary functions . edit - i was not able to click the center clock and open my alarms . not sure why . but the developer said it is possible .
in my last phone , asus zenfone c , i can use this app well , but after i changed my phone to samsung j7 ( 2016 ) , it automatically connects with either samsung or google calendar , where i ca n't edit the event colors freely on the clock . i 'm very disappointed , so i had to uninstall . sorry .
i could n't sync this with my work email and does n't seem to give me the option to .
to complicated and let 's you set things up only to then tell u it 's not available
it just keep on showing only one event whereas there are more than one events
the only thing that is missing is to open specified event after click on a widget . for now i can give for stars . i 'll give more when this feature will be available : ) edit : after upgrade adding widget to homescreen only allocates place but is invisible . when it finally showed up it does n't have promissed functionality
i love the idea but there are syncing issues . events take forever to show on the graph regardless of whether i entered them in the sectograph app or my google calendar . they show up in my google calender almost automatically regardless of the same . also i think 12 hour clock makes it tricky to read since the switch from am to pm is in the middle of the day . i have something starting at 12:30 and i cant see it on the sectograph but there is a little arrow at that start time with the first letter of that event and nothing else . it 's confusing .
good app , missing vital a feature - it shows meetings not being attended . i.e . going = no . that is an obvious feature that stops me from giving a good rating , i must keep company meetings in the calendar that i 'm not attending for posterity - not unreasonable i think ? so this is a must .
the idea is amazing and it 's useful except it stop working ( ca n't show its widget ) after update ...
could not get app to consistently stay connected to my google calendars
the widget does n't update with the system time , often stuck until i interact with it , greatly impacting usability . i have locked the app to not be closed in recents , and a fix to this issue will change my rating . i did pay to customize the clock face , and it 's far better than the default choices though .
it displays awkwardly , has backwards date , malfunctions to a point where the widget does not display , has a small central area , has no 1x1 option , has complicated descriptions for functionality that should be easy to understand , but i can buy a widget pallet , which many apps have as standard for free , for $ 3 . what 's not to love ?
it could be a very useful app but it is not very intuitive . why should i set up the date in google calendar and not directly in the app ?
it does n't show reminders . not much useful without reminder display support .
i was expecting it to sync google reminders also from google calender . i use them a lot . it has so much to do but since it can not sync reminders like how it does for events . it 's not what i am looking for .
24 hrs should n't be extra cost , ca n't import from my google calendar and too many left and right arrows , confusing , too few colours for the sectors .
interesting idea , but useless .
how does it work ?
it was a great app but after today 's update i am finding few menu items in some other language , even after setting the default language to english it is not helping . team please help ....
purchased app palette . when i try to use it app stops every time .
does not show morning event 's
not that good after using
interesting , just not for me .
stupid app
wish it didnt have to connect to the calandar . i wanted to keep my phones calandar widget separate from this but its impossible . disappointing .
it is so stupid that i have to be coneccted to my calender and cant just create what i want . to much work not worth it
very complex ui , it needs google calendar and does n't work without it . i needed a app like this but as a daily planner ! not just showing the calendar events from google calendar stupidly on a clock .
the widget does n't auto update after i add an event . always need to click the manual refresh button . same goes for when i delete an event .
ca n't sync calendar unless you pay which makes the unpaid version useless to me . i 'm not going to go through my entire calendar and add my events by hand to a second calendar . pointless .
i have been using the fully unlocked version of this application for over a year . this is a fantastic app ! however , it lacks the capability to sync with outlook calendars . for example , if i have subscribed to my work outlook calendar in google calendar , the events will not be synchronized with sectograph . this would be fine if this was the documented behavior of this application . however , subscribed-outlook calendars are selectable from the calendar selection menu ...
ok good to know , thanks ! it still wo n't show all of my calendar items on the clock . i 'll put some on and it will take them off as i add more .
it was a good app until this most recent update now my widget does n't work it 's not syncing with my calendars i 'm losing dates appointments
after last update the widget became very small , and clicking on it does not open up the full app . also wo n't sync to my calendar anymore . uninstalling .
wish it did n't force me to use google calendar . i wanted to start a new calender off of this app
do n't know how to use
this is exactly the app i was looking for to visual my day , as the clock face just makes sense . however , only being able to add to the schedule via external calendar apps makes this completely unusable . i tried to use it to better manage my routine , but my calendar app became so full of menial tasks that i was unable to see my upcoming appointments and events of most importance . it has amazing potential , but is currently only good for basic planning . very disappointing .
it just keep on showing only one event whereas there are more than one events
events wo n't show up on the clock after i adjust the time of the event . they show up , and then i change the time and they disappear . so , so frustrating . : ( i wanted to save time , not waste it . : ( why ? why ? ? ? ? ? : ( why ? ? : woman_facepalming : :woman_facepalming : :woman_facepalming : : ( : woman_facepalming : i used this app for 5 minutes and then hit a roadblock . why ?
no adding option for the time
great idea in principle but it 's so hard to work out what 's going on that that so far it 's useless : - (
i 'm going to start by saying who segments their hours on a clock into fifths ? that 's not standard and just annoying . second , why ca n't i add events from the app ? it always redirects to google calendar , so what is this app even good for ? i 'll just use my calendar , and it will be easier ......
was working fine before. . but it 's not working now .. not registering my events
i really like how amazing it is on my phone . but i 'm so disappointed to see that it ca n't be downloaded or visualized on my new galaxy active watch ...
sync is not good
cool concept , but unusable for google business users because all of your coworkers calendars are selected by default and there 's no bulk `` deselect all '' button .
it dont have alarm feature
i have problem with purchasing the pro version . when i click on `` buy pro '' button , it says `` already purchased . please restart the app '' . i have not yet purchased it though , and nothing happens when i restart the app .
never tried it yet
does not support more than only one outlook calendar
certain of the event does n't show up in the clock , just recorded in my calender .
not in sync with my google account . bad in regards to automatically getting what i planned and plus i ca n't use it when i am using my pc ! ! ! but thumbs up for this sectogragh the idea is brilliant . please work on updates because very soon i might not use it if i still have to re-enter all my days task and activities ! ! ! it should be able to get data from my google account and i should be able to use it on pc . pc is really perfect use for this kind of app ! ! !
this app does n't seem to show multiple calenders for the same google account . p.s . in my google calendar , the desired calendar has got sync enabled still the issue exists . p.s . 2- in the my calenders menu , it is not even showing the second calender which i have made for the same google account .
not that good after using
it does not ync eith al the calendars
i downloaded it but do n't know how to use it ... really messed up app
it good and useful app
this app was exactly what i was looking for . a visual of the day in clock form . only issue is , if i add something to the clock it adds it to my calendar . i do n't want that . i want an app where the calendar and app are separate . this was supposed to be for studying and exercise . i did n't want to have to add those things as into my ready packed calendar . it was a fast uninstall . iif there was an option to disconnect the two , i 'd reinstall .
no option for reminders , it does n't show reminders of my google calendar . and i dont wan na create events for my daily habits lol
i 'm just not finding time to work with this app . so by no means the star rank im giving the apl is just a temp ranking .
i love the ideia but the executation is not good , i want to put reminders for every day and know what i need to do in a clock like that , this app needs his own callendar and clock for we customize without messing up anything on the original apps in the phone , this need a every day reminder , routine and stuff
the widget is feezing after every night
could n't change time zone , its an hour ahead and no setting to select my time zone
does not show reminders
correct idea worng execution . the watch face ui cannont be operated like manually moving clock hands . the time zone stick moves at an interval of 1hr , i wanted to set it at any choosen time and add reminder from there . big flop was it did not read my calender event and yes i did give necessary permission . phone - one plus 7 os build- oxygen os 9.5.5 gm57aa further action- uninstalling outlook- would like to try it post improvement
i dont like that it only works with calendar . i dont want a calendar even called `` sleep '' just to keep it on the graph
could n't exactly figure out how to use it
the current day shows events for the next day and seemingly no option to change it . very annoying .
not a fan - liked the idea of diving into main areas and percentage of your day it occupates but what flipped me up was scheduling a reminder - daily . i started getting a morning reminder of the task for the next day schedule for i.e 7pm ! ! ! ! ! -i mean what about task i have for this day ahead ! ! ! i do n't need to be notified 27hrs ahead of my daily rutine - seriously : face_vomiting :
when adding a task it transferring you to google calendar then after adding the event it does n't appear on the widget ?
not a single event , appointment , meeting , etc ... is showing up . going to uninstall after rating .
the app itself is really nice . i like how the widget displays my schedule for the day , it.gives me a very nice grasp of my time . the bad thing is that it slows down my smartphone , i have a s9 , and it drains a lot of battery . it makes my phone lag and `` stutter '' when i try to open it . i uninstalled ans reinstalled apps to check my theories , so i uninstalled this one , the phone was doing so much better . and i even paid for the pro version ! ! !
i granted this app full access to my google calendar , but none of my events show up in the diagram . it remains completely empty except for national holidays ( like national tartan day on april 6th . yay ! ) i 've given this two stars instead of one because this •could• be awesome . the design is great .
updated : i want to love this but like others have said , it does n't work with all calendars as claimed . to get outlook or any other calendar to work , you have to have your calendar sync with google , which not everyone wants or can do . it also only works with google 's smart watch , not android wear os smart watches . great look and idea , but very limited by being google only .
acceptable
not exactly useful . was hoping it would be easier to see or more customizable .
does n't sync to my smartwatch : disappointed_face :
hello team , i am not able to set different colours for different sectors . could you please help me show how its done ? ? i purchased your app in light that it will give me option for above .
tutorial did not explain much and too confusing to figure out the benefit of using this app .
otherwise the app is good but i bought the full version and did i exepet to get customization fratures atleast give to feature to mark different sectors with different colours ... very disappointed ... you guys should consider making the user interface less complicated ...
it would be a great app if it had an option to use it without syncing it to your calendar like timetune . i do n't want all my tasks to show up on my calendar , and their solution was n't working .
good
: face_without_mouth : :face_without_mouth : :face_without_mouth : :face_without_mouth :
useful for organizing the activities of the day but do n't have setting on sound to notify the time of activity
i like this app but it 's always saying it has stopped on my phone
there 's no simple reminders or ability to add to do task , everything has to be added via calendar which is irritating me ... app is useless right now
not good
hi i can add just 1 event why i try to add more in google calendar it shown but in this app it 's not show up
too confusing not neat
really beautiful and great idea . it is unfortunate for anyone who does n't buy into all things google and do n't use google callander . in this day , building your app to only one service is not a good idea unless it 's for the iphone . now if i could get my work calendar on this app , wow , what a great way to visualize your day . just playing with the demo showed me the power of this style .
no graph showing - shows the task sector on phone app , but on watch its just the bare bones time with no events charted .
once installed the app was showing another time zone .
does n't let you choose specific calendar events to ignore . no way to track how you actually spent your time if it did n't match your calendar
this app does n't show all the activities of my google calender , so to me the app is quite useless . i even checked all the available calendars to make sure the settings were right . however , the concept seems to be great for people with a busy agenda , but since it has no use i unfortunately had to delete this app .
i loved this app , but after the new update i am unable to use the widget . uninstalled .
it only works when linked to another calendar app .... and it 's difficult to change the time from am to pm .....
could n't get the rest of my calendars to appear . feedback help was n't clear as well . uninstalling
i like the idea , but it 's not working with outlook calendar properly . this a big drawback for me .
does not sync with ms exchange calendar
i got this thinking i could use it as a gear 2 watch face . it 's a cool idea but would be much better if i could use it on my gear 2 .
pllllzzzzz make it for ios also
very confusing . when problems occur the resolution isnt made clear .
beutiful and easy to use once you get used to it however i wished creating an event was a bit more simple and quick . update : no longer syncs to my calender and the dates are all messed up .... too bad i loved it
the app is fine but the widget never became available on my phone or watch . the widget was the whole reason i used this app .
even after entering an event into the app , it is not displaying on the clock face , and it says 'no events ' . what 's the point of the app when it does n't do what it says it can ?
does n't work on my asus zenfone 5 ( ze620kl ) it does n't show up whenever i add the widget in my home screen .
i 'm sure it would be great if it did n't pick and chose what events to display from my calendar . i have multiple events logged in my calendar , the only calendar it 's synced to and the only calendar those events are logged on , yet just one of them shows up . it has a lovely design , but that does n't mean anything when the app does n't actually work for what it 's intended for .
to complicated and let 's you set things up only to then tell u it 's not available
in my last phone , asus zenfone c , i can use this app well , but after i changed my phone to samsung j7 ( 2016 ) , it automatically connects with either samsung or google calendar , where i ca n't edit the event colors freely on the clock . i 'm very disappointed , so i had to uninstall . sorry .
i could n't sync this with my work email and does n't seem to give me the option to .
ca n't adjust center clock size . ca n't open alarms by touching the center clock . the image for opening the app on the play store does n't represent what you can customize the clock to look like as a widget . augh . cool but lacking necessary functions . edit - i was not able to click the center clock and open my alarms . not sure why . but the developer said it is possible .
could not get app to consistently stay connected to my google calendars
i love the idea but there are syncing issues . events take forever to show on the graph regardless of whether i entered them in the sectograph app or my google calendar . they show up in my google calender almost automatically regardless of the same . also i think 12 hour clock makes it tricky to read since the switch from am to pm is in the middle of the day . i have something starting at 12:30 and i cant see it on the sectograph but there is a little arrow at that start time with the first letter of that event and nothing else . it 's confusing .
just works with google calendar . ca n't use it without it ! uninstalled
not working properly on redmi note 4
good app , missing vital a feature - it shows meetings not being attended . i.e . going = no . that is an obvious feature that stops me from giving a good rating , i must keep company meetings in the calendar that i 'm not attending for posterity - not unreasonable i think ? so this is a must .
the only thing that is missing is to open specified event after click on a widget . for now i can give for stars . i 'll give more when this feature will be available : ) edit : after upgrade adding widget to homescreen only allocates place but is invisible . when it finally showed up it does n't have promissed functionality
i could n't understand it probably my fault but i find it complicate and i like to organize my day like without go and add on my calender just on this app but like i said it 's probably my fault / gon na try this app again later maybe like after couple of different updates
the idea is amazing and it 's useful except it stop working ( ca n't show its widget ) after update ...
how does it work ?
it does n't show reminders . not much useful without reminder display support .
it displays awkwardly , has backwards date , malfunctions to a point where the widget does not display , has a small central area , has no 1x1 option , has complicated descriptions for functionality that should be easy to understand , but i can buy a widget pallet , which many apps have as standard for free , for $ 3 . what 's not to love ?
24 hrs should n't be extra cost , ca n't import from my google calendar and too many left and right arrows , confusing , too few colours for the sectors .
it could be a very useful app but it is not very intuitive . why should i set up the date in google calendar and not directly in the app ?
interesting idea , but useless .
i love this app ; the only thing that would make me like it more would be if the text wrapping on the sections made more sense . sometimes the titles of my events get cut off and placed in odd spots in the sectors . also i 've found the colors are very limited . when it looks into my calendar to match the color my calendar has for events , it gets it wrong or does n't have the color .
it is good , but you should add some predefined themes in the palette and not only allow the user experiment
confusing without a lot of explanation on what is what . might be good when i figure it out , but it 's not a real intuitive app and has a figure it out curve .
i like this app a lot , it is refreshing but to be 5 stars i should have more flexibility in setting intervals , like selecting days of the week so i can have work and nonwork day schedules that easily repeat . when i add something to a schedule a 10min before alarm should not be default , i 'm using the app to plan my day primarily . finally each new entry should default its begin time to the last entry 's end time , with the new end time shortly after , say 30 min later . that would be a 5 star app .
well this is awkward but i cant even find widget option for this app in phone . downloaded just an hour ago so this has to be the latest version i believe . the whole purpose was to have a clock on my homescreen that has my calender synced . it doesnt seem to that . may be i 'm missing something here ? i 'll definite give an update of this review if i can figured it out .
great app and well thought of , love the wear os integration . however paying for the full version , i wish there was more customizable options such as custom background or custom font for the numbers . would be great to include that .
when i first downloaded this app i loved it . i enjoyed being able to see my day at a glance and everything was working fine . for some reason the widget will not open the app for me anymore and i have no idea how to fix it . i tried to uninstall the app and install it again and it still does n't work . anybody has any suggestions , i 'm open to them . i use an android . just to clarify , the app itself is still working , the widget is not .
seems like a good idea but the widget is invisible . it is there , i can see the edges when i try to move it but it 's completely invisible . i tried decreasing the widget transparency and deleting cache but to no avail . devs , any clues ? thank you
limited use so far , every time i i touch the calendar icon the app changes to calendar but will not revert back to watch face unless i uninstall and reinstall no back button
pretty app and probably useful too , i just do n't like having to create calendar entries . i thought tasks would be managed within the app
it 's a cool way of getting at a glance your schedule . the theme could be more colorful
not able to open events into another calender app . it always opens events in my native mobile calender app
good idea but i can not connect it with my smartwatch
it is useful but very user friendly
we need an update ! ! i love this app and use it daily but the fact that we have n't had an update in months bothers me . here are some suggestions i have : add a settings option to default the amount of time you spend on a task ( i use 45 min . ) , more color options for tasks , an option to change the notification sounds for each entry , a 'push all back an hour ' option , and more widget options ! thank you i love this app but we could definitely use some upgrades !
the app is really useful , one must download it but it just have one problem that we need to refresh the widget all the time to see current time , unless we do n't refresh the widget we can not check the upcoming event through widget , if you can solve this , this is one of the best app for daily use and surely you 'll get more pro version users of this app . thank you .
felt very complicated when i am flying high .
good idea but there is on reapeat routine , i have to add evertime so make me hang more . and its work only 12 hours basis
seemed like a good app , but does n't always show your plans . it 's linked to my calender and i 've added quite a few things for the month , but it only shows on this app once and then disappears next time i look at it .
this app is actually wonderful . i 'm hoping you can add the `` forward '' and `` backward '' buttons on the widget ( potentially just as another available function of those virtual buttons ) like we have access to in the full app . it would be nice to click forward through the calendar and then , say , click the clock center to refresh and reload with the current time .
if you want something that syncs to your calendar , you are in luck ! it really is beautiful and such a wonderful idea . however my 3 star review comes from the fact you ca n't use it without syncing to your calendar , and there by having it affect your calendar . i was hoping to use this as an hourly time management tool , much like a block system , but i ca n't have it be that and have my calendar be a place for just appointments . it makes the actual calendar look too full and messy . basically in short , can you please add an offline tool as well ?
i really have wanted this app to work , i 'd really prefer to see my day filled on a clock in such a way so i even came back to try again , however i 'm having trouble putting tasks in ! after a certain amount they stop saving . i 'm also struggling to see the clock in a way that makes sense . it looks very jumbled . best of luck , i love the concept !
i love the overall concept , and , the diverse options for setup . though , so many setting options are a little overwhelming to sort out . i 've had the app for a few weeks and i am still trying tweak my layout ... visuals are everything for me . i believe , when originally setting up a few weeks ago , i was a bit annoyed to have spent time choosing colors for the widget to find out it is a premium feature ( to developer : plz be upfront on the premium feature options ) . i think once i get it really working for me it will be a fave app .
a little confusing at first , but it transfers your calendar and alarms to the app . one bad part is it adds everything on your calendar . like if you add `` eat breakfast '' it 'll go on your calendar . so that 's only a little annoying since my calendar needs to be clear and easy to read . but besides that . it works well
wile installing on my note 9 it imported / shows promptly each allready existing entry from each of my calendars . but it does not import / synchronize any new entry ( via any calendar ) . ( within android i already removed the app from being affected by the battery saving-option ) ( 'close the demo ' pop-up is not present ) thank you very much for helping out because this way of visualization by merging agenda and clock-face is how my mind needs it ( used it many years ago and never found it back again as a contemporary app . if only i get it to work ..
i do like this widget a lot however i left two stars blank for very specific features . first and most importantly i left a star empty for the ability to display battery status on the widget as i use this as my primary smartwatch face . thus without this feature it is very hard for me to see the status of my battery at a glance and know when i should try to get a little bit of charging . the second feature is integration with outlook calendar without asking for permission for the entire account if it needs to ask for permissions at all , as my workplace has very high security requirements . for each of these features implemented i will add another star .
just a fancy calender widget . sure it looks fancy . but it does n't add any functionality . it ca n't do much else . it ca n't track progress .
this is a great app but ... i purchased it to be able to use it with my samsung gear s3 , little did i know that i ca n't use it with my watch bc this app was made to be used with android wear ( which i found out later my bad ) . so , will you be working on making this app compatible with samsung gear ? that would open your market quite a lot with samsung gear users . i 've been using the wearable app with my watch but it does n't work smoothly at all . please work on that if you can , thanks !
it 's pretty neat . i love the how everything pops out on the clock . only thing is i tried scheduling things after 12 pm and it would n't pop up and i notice it only shows 12 hours at a time . if you buy the pro version it comes with the 24 hour feature , which i think is totally worth it . seeing 24 hour option you can see everything from start to finish and not miss anything .
it doesnt seem to be possible to delete a single event in a series . so if i want to block off an hour every day for the same thing , but then i have to schedule a one-off thing during that time , i ca n't just delete one occurence and leave the rest of the future occurences alone . i love the app otherwise but this problem is pushing me toward a different app .
i 'm liking it but it seems to have some bugs . it 's currently 01:13am but the widget and app are still showing yesterday 's calendar sectors and event list .
nice app ! i just can not work out what these random numbers are within the pieces of the pie ... 35 , 30 , 7:35 , 30 , 8:35 , 30 , 8:35. it is clearly a countdown of some sort but bears no relevance to anything obvious . how can i remove these ? update to reply : thank you , but i am seeing 7x this info around the pie and personally it serves little use . can this function be disabled ?
i love the design and the app in general . i would give it 5 stars if it would allow to size the image and the information displayed .
the app is useful on the phone and tablet . i purchased it believing that it would also work on my smartwatch as displayed in the pictures . you will only get reminders , not a watch face . the picture of the smartwatch is misleading . either develop the watch face app or remove the picture of it .
i would give this 5 stars , if not for the misleading in-app `` smartwatch settings '' extension purchase option . i love the app , but i purchased the extension to use it on my galaxy watch and i have been unable to connect it to my watch and use any of the settings for a `` wearable '' . if this app can be used on the galaxy smartwatches i would love to know how .
i love this app and use it with my watch but have been having a few problems . firstly i purchased the pro version off of my main google account . but the app is connecting to the other google account i have on my phone . i dont want to purchase pro a second time and the only way that i have found to disconnect it from that second account is by removing that account from my phone . secondly , since daylight saving my events have been an hour off until i sync my events . will change if probs are fixed
i do not understand how i will add events . i tried adding events but it only shows up in my calendar not at the sectograph . it seems to be useful but i need to know how to make it work .
i would 've liked to use this app but sadly it does n't seem to recognize european daylight saving time . i 've gone through the settings twice . this is a deal breaker i 'm afraid . i would still recommend people try the app however if the live in location where dst is rightfully ignored . the main concept is really clever and the widget is beautifully designed : OK_hand : :OK_hand :
this just displays your calendar as a time sector . whenever you click on + it redirects to calendar .
i have changed my mind and have bought the 24hr clock version . once the app is fully updated and is working how i want it to use , i will review accordingly . i have gave 3 stars as it is the `` middle ground '' for now .
updated : . was confused that the event list in the actual app was n't showing events scheduled for the next few days . the widget will only show events in the next 12h . the event list in the app also only shows events in the next 12h . i think this list should list events for that entire day . this means i still depend on other apps for an agenda view .
got this , loved the free version . paid $ 3.99 for pro and still do n't have the ability ( or ca n't figure out how and there are no instructions ) to set different calendars on two widgets on my phone . i 'll be happy to give you 5 stars if you send me a how-to . also , it says there is time tracking . does that mean i should be able to do a start-stop on something while i 'm doing an activity ?
everything good simple and easy to use the best one but you dont get reminder as alarm so that you can actually know the schedule its just give a notification which can be easily ignored by mistake ..... please fix this and link it up with alarm too just like you did with default calendar app
hi ! the range of the nuce coloured sectors does not cover the time interval of my events . it had been the best reason why i chose this app , to have an easy , straightforward overview of my plans . why does n't ut work as it is shown on the pictures ?
i had to pay for the option to change the colours , then i had to pay more to customise it further ... exploitative money grabbing like this ensures i 'll never recommend it to anyone else . works well though
not really what i was going for . it 's ok i guess if you want to use google or your phones calender , but i wanted a detailed schedual with alarms to remind me to go to the next event . love the look , but not useful to me .
would be better if it did n't rely solely on google calendar . great concept , but would prefer adding events directly to the clock myself rather than having to put it on google calendar first .
good app but had to uninstall . kept adding reminders to all off my tasks and scheduled events even when repeatedly de-selecting them . very frustrating and inconvenient to get the notification and the email notification .
do n't know why , but weather shown is for 750 miles away , for a region i 've never been , and ca n't find a way to adjust it . also ca n't use google tasks . not as useful as i 'd hoped .
after the recent update displays alarms an hour earlier than they actually are . been using the app for more than a year now and love it .
it 's an interesting tool but having one or 2 things on my calendar per day it does really make sense for me to use it . looks nice .
sorry i dont get it . i have no idea why seeing my schedule on a circle is somehow better than a rectangle . what am i missing ?
it would be much better with an ability to have a report at the end of the month as to what was worked on and when . ie statistics .
it would have been better if it kept its own database rather than relying on the calendar . i do n't want to put trivial things to plan my day in my calendar . uninstalling .
works well until you purchase pro . after this all your calendar dates are displayed one day ahead ( your events on a monday in your calendar are displayed on sunday ) .
this is a good planner because it 's easy to use and understand , but the widget consumes a lot of the phone 's battery .
it is difficult to set an event or goal without a tutorial
at times it does n't work as expected , hut the app can be great potential if scrutinized aptly .
app is great but the events are not getting created . only one two events for a day is created than even it shows created its not
so far , its working for me . i needed something that could ring or vibrate .
looks cool but i do not find it actually helpful unless you write down everything you do every hour every day .
nice , but there seems to be no way to hide declined events ? that makes it much less useful . would give 5/5 otherwise
its a nice app . liked the design also . no option to copy paste same schedule to next day .
any way to resize font so short events can still have a complete ( or at least longer than 2 words ) display ?
added feature synchronizer connect , added the note writing feature during the call , added a feature synchronized with the mail
the time in the center of the widget , most of the time does not get updated . you have to open the app and then the widget is updated .
great app just need one thing is second hand also like minutes and hours the . i will 5 star and its best app
really great concept but ....... not much useful and not even that beautifully eye-catching thing
can you make this app a separated planner and can make an event without using calendar ? i really like this app , but i want this app as my daily task organizer and my calendar as a big event organizer , so it wo n't jumble up in my calendar .
seems good but i would need admin approval to access my work outlook calendar so it 's pretty unusable for me .
needed a standalone platform which does not connect to any of my calendars .
i really like the visual round of this app however i would love to be able to personalise it more easily ...
lot of difficult methods to organize . : man_gesturing_NO :
best app to mannage your time
it do n't work with samsung gear s3 smart watch even after i bought tge widget !
have n't used it enough to truly rate it but it just seems like there could be some big innovation if you put more thought into it . a lot of potential if you ask me though .
i uninstalled because the app was a little confusing . it has a great idea and all bit i just didnt quite get how to use it ...
time zones not supported ? missed a meeting today ... : (
good app but needs to add daily to do list
the app work just fine , it was my commitment that had problem : face_with_tears_of_joy : :face_with_tears_of_joy : :face_with_tears_of_joy :
it just opens a-calender , so i 'm not sure why i need something between me and my regular calendar app .
wish i could add events without having anything to do with google calendar
good so far . only used a few times may review later on .
it wo n't allow me to sync it with my android watch and there is nowhere to ask questions ! ?
for 24 hour version , need to buy app . no free trials
did n't really get a chance to test it ... but it forced me to do a review to uninstall .
sometimes it shows wrong time , make me confused most of the time
cant get demo to play .its probably a great app ..
good app but need improvement
i do n't like to put on google calendar every schedule
nice visualization of personal activities
cool idea . woupd be good if it could access my outlook calendar
not sure yet , still testing it
widget does n't work
i do n't friggin know yet . i just installed it . note . i have n't spent any time on it !
please can you integrate with outlook calendar
too tricky . complicated .. not immediate .. maybe isnt what i need ... i need something more simple ..
i cant set widget on homescreen can you help me plz ..
still want to go thoroughly with this app
reminder is not working what i should do
still trying figure it out
ok but need to improve
it 's great . i love it .
it 's good
a blue flag ?
not as i required
pls add 24 hour view
its db un to use
great app : OK_hand_dark_skin_tone : :OK_hand_dark_skin_tone : :OK_hand_dark_skin_tone :
good
its ok
still trying
average features
okk
awesome app
is the feature of different colours for different tasks available for the free version too ? ? i m actually not able to set it that way . no sir ... i did the way u told me to do ... it is still not showing different colours
impressive.could be better if it had its inbuilt calendar which is linked with events of google calendar .it should also have to do list with with alerts , a weekly planner.thia will make it perfect
fine
c'est très bien ... mais ça devrait être moins lourd en daya
not free
super : hundred_points :
ni
nice
i think that this is a great idea , but it ’ s one better suited for a larger screen . a lot of display real estate is utilized to ( beautifully ) display a very limited amount of information .
the widget is not getting updated until i go into the application . the app is good but this is irritating . please fix this . i have already bought pro and widget pallete .
love the interface , great smartwatch integration but cant change the color palette for some reason tried reinstalling and resetting app no luck
its ok , bought it , sadly need another payment to customise palette , sad , hope more update come
i like that it is easy and convenience which is what i 'm looking for but i also need a way to run analytics of times spent on each task . will change to 5 stars if that is possible .
great idea , but would be better if it was stand alone and not dependent on google calendar to input times/events .
i ca n't get the widget to appear in the background wallpaper screen , , purchased the app only for that feature , , , any help ?
i think it will be better when it has a circle on the background , no need to open to see the timetable
good
the app works with the exception of showing all events on the app . the widget show 12 ( 9 hours ahead and 3 hours passed . ) so when one views tomorrow 's schedule in the evening , the app does not show tomorrow mornings event or anything prior to 3 hours before the current time the next day . ( a bit of a mouthful but those with full schedule will know what i mean )
i love the idea of this app , is quite unique in the way it visually shows my upcoming events . sadly , try as i might , i ca n't get it to refresh correctly with my calendar , its always wing despite following all the steps .
the app has started causing toasters to pop up frequently saying `` this widget will not be updated . maximum memory is used for the same widgets . '' i only have one instance of the widget running and plenty of free space . i 've removed it from my home screen for now , the notifications are too annoying .
this app is good , however the reason i need a calendar app is to share it with someone else , and this app does n't seem to have a shared calendar function . which is a shame because it 's a really decent app .
i can not get the widget i designed to show up on the screen . i went through the faq with no success . i have a galaxy s8 plus with android 7 .
appearance good . sometimes lags and do n't update the time even after an hour .
i wish it was n't conected to google callander which i do n't like at all .. overall realy awesome concept . wish i could use it ... if only it was a callander on its own .
can you make the graph fully editable eg without importing from calendars ? i want to be able to add stuff without it having to access my calendar
unable to give color to events . only blue color is coming
is there no way to have weekly rasks , but only week days ? other apps have this option ...
how do you get it to sync with your ms outlook calender ? what does it mean you detailed it in # 8
i ca n't not choose another calendar besides google calendar to sync with app
would gladly pay for this if it was outlook compatible .
good planner and reminder
the app itself is very good . nevertheless , there 's a problem : i ca n't seem to make it work on my sony smartwatch 3. in fact , as soon as i install the app on my phone , the watch face appears on the watch but after a while ( about a minute ) it suddenly disappears .
i ca n't figure out how to make it work on my s2 watch . there are no clear instructions .
it 's such a bummer it does n't work on the samsung sport watch .
i love the idea of the app . cantake a minute to figure out . wish it had its own calander or was able to sync with others other than google calendar .
would be better if it could hide declined events
different colors are not available for different tasks .
i really like the concept , but the app/widget does n't recognise 'reminders ' , only 'events ' . if my day was organised hour by hour with events then this would be ideal , but i rarely have more than 2 events per half day . reminders i use all the time , if the widget recognised those then it would be far more useful to me . would still recommend despite this .
so , i did not get it . does this app only import events from calendar ? ca n't i create my own daily routine within this app ? that would be way cooler to be honest , as i barely use calendar .
excellent concept which has huge potential . only problem is that the hour hand does not keep time correctly in 24 hour time . it shows 1400 instead of 1600 ( 2 hour difference ) .
app idea and design is great , but it is not possible to add calendar from work profile account anyhow - it is just invisible . android 7.1.1. promise rating 5 , if fixed . upd : thanks for prompt reply , but it is about google calendar in work profile - it creates a separate copies of google apps for it . please have a look at work profile specifics for android 7+
good premise . just does n't sync with any calendars . unhelpful guide
very useful , great clock widget with my schedule . it is better if can open calendar app by touched widget .
i downloaded s.graph but i do not have any widgets with it . i have google calendar . i can open the app but there is no home screen widget . any way i can fix that ? i have a samsung s6 active . thanks a lot !
great idea , but really needs to be able to incorporate reminders - way easier to set up in my opinion , especially for repeat events .
it 's good but complicated a bit
size should be more large ... nd alarm needed
this can not sync outlook : (
glitchy but good
it 's a great app but it has glitches . i tried setting my work hours for tomorrow 's date . but when i clicked save and went back to the graph , it had the hours set for today , not tomorrow .
loved the concept , beautiful design , and has taken its place on my home screen after a clarification from the dev on syncing other calendars . i also love the fact that you can just jump in and use the widget , or you can opt for deep customisation of the look , feel and functionality .
it show the full day events on next day actual , which is incorrect . otherwise it 's good . there should be option for alert tone .
the time displayed does not automatically update . one has to cluck on the widget and enter the app for it to sync with actual time .
app is good but have some error it 's no refresh automatically on widget home screen we have to open app to refresh apps hour line please fix tht error
i wish the clock looked simpler . the point of downloading the app was to be able to see what my day is like just by looking at it once . the sectors should be more defined .
i 'd really like to use this app , but there 's no option to sync with other calendar services like microsoft 's .
i wish it was easier to figure out . i ca n't figure out how to make it look like the photos on here where the time is color blocked out .
works well and syncs well with the chosen calenders .
nice app but how to put red color ? ? t-t
great but missing exchange tasks on widget . please add .
i really love this app . with my busy schedule it 's so great to have all my day 's events plotted out in one great visual . but , it drains my battery like crazy ! i 've lost 10 % just typing this out . i have to un-install it . please . find a way to fix this so i can re-install !
do you have plan to make it available as soon for android wear watches ? than it probably will be 5-star app : )
its seem complex in the first time . anyway , can see all activity in the big picture
it 's a great idea . the options need more explanation . i ca n't tell what half of them do . also the widget while very useful , it does n't update properly . it falls hours behind and does n't update unless i run the app and hit refresh sometimes .
app looks very interesting and the way it is displayed is ibteresting . but i am unable to place the widget on screen .. each time i try to add it to my homescreen it disappears .. i mean it does bot get placed on my home screen . help me with this .. my phone is one plus 3 with android 7.1 noughat
the app idea is quite great . the app itself needs to be improved thought . the clock keeps getting stuck on fixed times and updates the time only when we open the app itself . this defeats the whole purpose of the app . definitely a 5 star idea . needs better execution .
i was very excited for this app but there are a couple of things that have disappointed me . i really need a 24 hours clock , i have many events after working hours so as it is now it 's useless to me . moreover , do n't know if this is my problem , i ca n't see reminders . i see them inside the calendar app but not here . hope they will improve so i can finally give a sweet 5 stars , the idea itself is brilliant !
like the concept , but was hoping to see the full widget on my phone . unfortunately does not display like the screenshot you show above on a samsung s7 edge ( not sure if it is settings i need to change ) . i would also like better integration with microsoft outlook . currently it takes me to the calendar but none of my meetings show up on the widget . integrates well to samsung planner and google calendar but not my work app calendar . finally like some of the ideas below of changing to a 24h calendar .
i believe that u should introduce a better interface to explain its working and an optoon to create day plans accaording to ur schedule and not with a calender .. i mean a time planner ... ao that i can plan my time accordingly by a pie chart
wo n't update information from google calendar no matter what . one event out of an entire day . have restarted several times , checked the permissions , nothing : -| update : i think i understand what you mean . i 'll play with it for another day and will re-rate : )
have not fully tried this app yet but the images and graphical user interface is appealing to me . hopefully this app would be able to meet my requirements in my daily life chores .
finds all but my primary account on my phone , therefore i 'm unable to even try . : /
pretty but useless as the display is picking up calender events and putting them a day late .
widget not making full use of size .
the widget is not updating automatically
nice idea but the widget 's ai n't showing on my home screen , tried everything but hell , does n't works .
i love the app , but sometimes the widget just freezes .
really nice , great new take on daily calendar but causes constant appcrashes
why is n't this also an android wear watchface ?
what about reminders ?
the font is too small to be useful
good for me .
dear developer . i 'm unable to view my calendar events in this . why it happens ? how and why its happened . what is the alternative ? otherwise i would give 5 stars .
that 's right . nice addon but have n't really seen its power yet as i still do n't have those colorful sectors show on the app
it is a good app , but idk the widget keep freezing ( not changing hour ) in my device till i clicked the widget . but it when i get out , it freeze again . plz fix it asap .
average app
it is good , but you should add some predefined themes in the palette and not only allow the user experiment
confusing without a lot of explanation on what is what . might be good when i figure it out , but it 's not a real intuitive app and has a figure it out curve .
i love this app ; the only thing that would make me like it more would be if the text wrapping on the sections made more sense . sometimes the titles of my events get cut off and placed in odd spots in the sectors . also i 've found the colors are very limited . when it looks into my calendar to match the color my calendar has for events , it gets it wrong or does n't have the color .
good idea but there is on reapeat routine , i have to add evertime so make me hang more . and its work only 12 hours basis
felt very complicated when i am flying high .
this just displays your calendar as a time sector . whenever you click on + it redirects to calendar .
limited use so far , every time i i touch the calendar icon the app changes to calendar but will not revert back to watch face unless i uninstall and reinstall no back button
lot of difficult methods to organize . : man_gesturing_NO :
best app to mannage your time
not able to open events into another calender app . it always opens events in my native mobile calender app
i like this app a lot , it is refreshing but to be 5 stars i should have more flexibility in setting intervals , like selecting days of the week so i can have work and nonwork day schedules that easily repeat . when i add something to a schedule a 10min before alarm should not be default , i 'm using the app to plan my day primarily . finally each new entry should default its begin time to the last entry 's end time , with the new end time shortly after , say 30 min later . that would be a 5 star app .
it is useful but very user friendly
it 's a cool way of getting at a glance your schedule . the theme could be more colorful
great app and well thought of , love the wear os integration . however paying for the full version , i wish there was more customizable options such as custom background or custom font for the numbers . would be great to include that .
good idea but i can not connect it with my smartwatch
well this is awkward but i cant even find widget option for this app in phone . downloaded just an hour ago so this has to be the latest version i believe . the whole purpose was to have a clock on my homescreen that has my calender synced . it doesnt seem to that . may be i 'm missing something here ? i 'll definite give an update of this review if i can figured it out .
pretty app and probably useful too , i just do n't like having to create calendar entries . i thought tasks would be managed within the app
seems like a good idea but the widget is invisible . it is there , i can see the edges when i try to move it but it 's completely invisible . i tried decreasing the widget transparency and deleting cache but to no avail . devs , any clues ? thank you
when i first downloaded this app i loved it . i enjoyed being able to see my day at a glance and everything was working fine . for some reason the widget will not open the app for me anymore and i have no idea how to fix it . i tried to uninstall the app and install it again and it still does n't work . anybody has any suggestions , i 'm open to them . i use an android . just to clarify , the app itself is still working , the widget is not .
not sure yet , still testing it
we need an update ! ! i love this app and use it daily but the fact that we have n't had an update in months bothers me . here are some suggestions i have : add a settings option to default the amount of time you spend on a task ( i use 45 min . ) , more color options for tasks , an option to change the notification sounds for each entry , a 'push all back an hour ' option , and more widget options ! thank you i love this app but we could definitely use some upgrades !
it is difficult to set an event or goal without a tutorial
good
i do n't friggin know yet . i just installed it . note . i have n't spent any time on it !
the app is really useful , one must download it but it just have one problem that we need to refresh the widget all the time to see current time , unless we do n't refresh the widget we can not check the upcoming event through widget , if you can solve this , this is one of the best app for daily use and surely you 'll get more pro version users of this app . thank you .
seemed like a good app , but does n't always show your plans . it 's linked to my calender and i 've added quite a few things for the month , but it only shows on this app once and then disappears next time i look at it .
i do not understand how i will add events . i tried adding events but it only shows up in my calendar not at the sectograph . it seems to be useful but i need to know how to make it work .
widget does n't work
i 'm liking it but it seems to have some bugs . it 's currently 01:13am but the widget and app are still showing yesterday 's calendar sectors and event list .
just a fancy calender widget . sure it looks fancy . but it does n't add any functionality . it ca n't do much else . it ca n't track progress .
i love the design and the app in general . i would give it 5 stars if it would allow to size the image and the information displayed .
great app : OK_hand_dark_skin_tone : :OK_hand_dark_skin_tone : :OK_hand_dark_skin_tone :
everything good simple and easy to use the best one but you dont get reminder as alarm so that you can actually know the schedule its just give a notification which can be easily ignored by mistake ..... please fix this and link it up with alarm too just like you did with default calendar app
too tricky . complicated .. not immediate .. maybe isnt what i need ... i need something more simple ..
works well until you purchase pro . after this all your calendar dates are displayed one day ahead ( your events on a monday in your calendar are displayed on sunday ) .
the time in the center of the widget , most of the time does not get updated . you have to open the app and then the widget is updated .
it doesnt seem to be possible to delete a single event in a series . so if i want to block off an hour every day for the same thing , but then i have to schedule a one-off thing during that time , i ca n't just delete one occurence and leave the rest of the future occurences alone . i love the app otherwise but this problem is pushing me toward a different app .
good app but need improvement
its a nice app . liked the design also . no option to copy paste same schedule to next day .
this is a good planner because it 's easy to use and understand , but the widget consumes a lot of the phone 's battery .
the app work just fine , it was my commitment that had problem : face_with_tears_of_joy : :face_with_tears_of_joy : :face_with_tears_of_joy :
still trying
got this , loved the free version . paid $ 3.99 for pro and still do n't have the ability ( or ca n't figure out how and there are no instructions ) to set different calendars on two widgets on my phone . i 'll be happy to give you 5 stars if you send me a how-to . also , it says there is time tracking . does that mean i should be able to do a start-stop on something while i 'm doing an activity ?
average features
it 's pretty neat . i love the how everything pops out on the clock . only thing is i tried scheduling things after 12 pm and it would n't pop up and i notice it only shows 12 hours at a time . if you buy the pro version it comes with the 24 hour feature , which i think is totally worth it . seeing 24 hour option you can see everything from start to finish and not miss anything .
nice , but there seems to be no way to hide declined events ? that makes it much less useful . would give 5/5 otherwise
it just opens a-calender , so i 'm not sure why i need something between me and my regular calendar app .
nice app ! i just can not work out what these random numbers are within the pieces of the pie ... 35 , 30 , 7:35 , 30 , 8:35 , 30 , 8:35. it is clearly a countdown of some sort but bears no relevance to anything obvious . how can i remove these ? update to reply : thank you , but i am seeing 7x this info around the pie and personally it serves little use . can this function be disabled ?
i uninstalled because the app was a little confusing . it has a great idea and all bit i just didnt quite get how to use it ...
great app just need one thing is second hand also like minutes and hours the . i will 5 star and its best app
updated : . was confused that the event list in the actual app was n't showing events scheduled for the next few days . the widget will only show events in the next 12h . the event list in the app also only shows events in the next 12h . i think this list should list events for that entire day . this means i still depend on other apps for an agenda view .
needed a standalone platform which does not connect to any of my calendars .
seems good but i would need admin approval to access my work outlook calendar so it 's pretty unusable for me .
really great concept but ....... not much useful and not even that beautifully eye-catching thing
i really like the visual round of this app however i would love to be able to personalise it more easily ...
it 's good
good so far . only used a few times may review later on .
sometimes it shows wrong time , make me confused most of the time
its ok
it 's an interesting tool but having one or 2 things on my calendar per day it does really make sense for me to use it . looks nice .
i do n't like to put on google calendar every schedule
app is great but the events are not getting created . only one two events for a day is created than even it shows created its not
added feature synchronizer connect , added the note writing feature during the call , added a feature synchronized with the mail
i would 've liked to use this app but sadly it does n't seem to recognize european daylight saving time . i 've gone through the settings twice . this is a deal breaker i 'm afraid . i would still recommend people try the app however if the live in location where dst is rightfully ignored . the main concept is really clever and the widget is beautifully designed : OK_hand : :OK_hand :
wish i could add events without having anything to do with google calendar
cant get demo to play .its probably a great app ..
i love this app and use it with my watch but have been having a few problems . firstly i purchased the pro version off of my main google account . but the app is connecting to the other google account i have on my phone . i dont want to purchase pro a second time and the only way that i have found to disconnect it from that second account is by removing that account from my phone . secondly , since daylight saving my events have been an hour off until i sync my events . will change if probs are fixed
looks cool but i do not find it actually helpful unless you write down everything you do every hour every day .
sorry i dont get it . i have no idea why seeing my schedule on a circle is somehow better than a rectangle . what am i missing ?
awesome app
it would be much better with an ability to have a report at the end of the month as to what was worked on and when . ie statistics .
can you make this app a separated planner and can make an event without using calendar ? i really like this app , but i want this app as my daily task organizer and my calendar as a big event organizer , so it wo n't jumble up in my calendar .
okk
hi ! the range of the nuce coloured sectors does not cover the time interval of my events . it had been the best reason why i chose this app , to have an easy , straightforward overview of my plans . why does n't ut work as it is shown on the pictures ?
i really have wanted this app to work , i 'd really prefer to see my day filled on a clock in such a way so i even came back to try again , however i 'm having trouble putting tasks in ! after a certain amount they stop saving . i 'm also struggling to see the clock in a way that makes sense . it looks very jumbled . best of luck , i love the concept !
good app but needs to add daily to do list
i had to pay for the option to change the colours , then i had to pay more to customise it further ... exploitative money grabbing like this ensures i 'll never recommend it to anyone else . works well though
a little confusing at first , but it transfers your calendar and alarms to the app . one bad part is it adds everything on your calendar . like if you add `` eat breakfast '' it 'll go on your calendar . so that 's only a little annoying since my calendar needs to be clear and easy to read . but besides that . it works well
this is a great app but ... i purchased it to be able to use it with my samsung gear s3 , little did i know that i ca n't use it with my watch bc this app was made to be used with android wear ( which i found out later my bad ) . so , will you be working on making this app compatible with samsung gear ? that would open your market quite a lot with samsung gear users . i 've been using the wearable app with my watch but it does n't work smoothly at all . please work on that if you can , thanks !
good app but had to uninstall . kept adding reminders to all off my tasks and scheduled events even when repeatedly de-selecting them . very frustrating and inconvenient to get the notification and the email notification .
time zones not supported ? missed a meeting today ... : (
not as i required
its db un to use
is the feature of different colours for different tasks available for the free version too ? ? i m actually not able to set it that way . no sir ... i did the way u told me to do ... it is still not showing different colours
i have changed my mind and have bought the 24hr clock version . once the app is fully updated and is working how i want it to use , i will review accordingly . i have gave 3 stars as it is the `` middle ground '' for now .
for 24 hour version , need to buy app . no free trials
fine
i would give this 5 stars , if not for the misleading in-app `` smartwatch settings '' extension purchase option . i love the app , but i purchased the extension to use it on my galaxy watch and i have been unable to connect it to my watch and use any of the settings for a `` wearable '' . if this app can be used on the galaxy smartwatches i would love to know how .
nice visualization of personal activities
ok but need to improve
not bad
so far , its working for me . i needed something that could ring or vibrate .
still want to go thoroughly with this app
any way to resize font so short events can still have a complete ( or at least longer than 2 words ) display ?
cool idea . woupd be good if it could access my outlook calendar
it would have been better if it kept its own database rather than relying on the calendar . i do n't want to put trivial things to plan my day in my calendar . uninstalling .
impressive.could be better if it had its inbuilt calendar which is linked with events of google calendar .it should also have to do list with with alerts , a weekly planner.thia will make it perfect
have n't used it enough to truly rate it but it just seems like there could be some big innovation if you put more thought into it . a lot of potential if you ask me though .
pls add 24 hour view
it 's great . i love it .
recommend
if you want something that syncs to your calendar , you are in luck ! it really is beautiful and such a wonderful idea . however my 3 star review comes from the fact you ca n't use it without syncing to your calendar , and there by having it affect your calendar . i was hoping to use this as an hourly time management tool , much like a block system , but i ca n't have it be that and have my calendar be a place for just appointments . it makes the actual calendar look too full and messy . basically in short , can you please add an offline tool as well ?
after the recent update displays alarms an hour earlier than they actually are . been using the app for more than a year now and love it .
it do n't work with samsung gear s3 smart watch even after i bought tge widget !
good
still trying figure it out
this app is actually wonderful . i 'm hoping you can add the `` forward '' and `` backward '' buttons on the widget ( potentially just as another available function of those virtual buttons ) like we have access to in the full app . it would be nice to click forward through the calendar and then , say , click the clock center to refresh and reload with the current time .
not really what i was going for . it 's ok i guess if you want to use google or your phones calender , but i wanted a detailed schedual with alarms to remind me to go to the next event . love the look , but not useful to me .
i cant set widget on homescreen can you help me plz ..
the app is useful on the phone and tablet . i purchased it believing that it would also work on my smartwatch as displayed in the pictures . you will only get reminders , not a watch face . the picture of the smartwatch is misleading . either develop the watch face app or remove the picture of it .
nice
wile installing on my note 9 it imported / shows promptly each allready existing entry from each of my calendars . but it does not import / synchronize any new entry ( via any calendar ) . ( within android i already removed the app from being affected by the battery saving-option ) ( 'close the demo ' pop-up is not present ) thank you very much for helping out because this way of visualization by merging agenda and clock-face is how my mind needs it ( used it many years ago and never found it back again as a contemporary app . if only i get it to work ..
ni
it wo n't allow me to sync it with my android watch and there is nowhere to ask questions ! ?
at times it does n't work as expected , hut the app can be great potential if scrutinized aptly .
reminder is not working what i should do
did n't really get a chance to test it ... but it forced me to do a review to uninstall .
i love the overall concept , and , the diverse options for setup . though , so many setting options are a little overwhelming to sort out . i 've had the app for a few weeks and i am still trying tweak my layout ... visuals are everything for me . i believe , when originally setting up a few weeks ago , i was a bit annoyed to have spent time choosing colors for the widget to find out it is a premium feature ( to developer : plz be upfront on the premium feature options ) . i think once i get it really working for me it will be a fave app .
i do like this widget a lot however i left two stars blank for very specific features . first and most importantly i left a star empty for the ability to display battery status on the widget as i use this as my primary smartwatch face . thus without this feature it is very hard for me to see the status of my battery at a glance and know when i should try to get a little bit of charging . the second feature is integration with outlook calendar without asking for permission for the entire account if it needs to ask for permissions at all , as my workplace has very high security requirements . for each of these features implemented i will add another star .
do n't know why , but weather shown is for 750 miles away , for a region i 've never been , and ca n't find a way to adjust it . also ca n't use google tasks . not as useful as i 'd hoped .
would be better if it did n't rely solely on google calendar . great concept , but would prefer adding events directly to the clock myself rather than having to put it on google calendar first .
c'est très bien ... mais ça devrait être moins lourd en daya
super : hundred_points :
please can you integrate with outlook calendar
a blue flag ?
not free
its ok , bought it , sadly need another payment to customise palette , sad , hope more update come
i think that this is a great idea , but it ’ s one better suited for a larger screen . a lot of display real estate is utilized to ( beautifully ) display a very limited amount of information .
great idea , but would be better if it was stand alone and not dependent on google calendar to input times/events .
the widget is not getting updated until i go into the application . the app is good but this is irritating . please fix this . i have already bought pro and widget pallete .
i like that it is easy and convenience which is what i 'm looking for but i also need a way to run analytics of times spent on each task . will change to 5 stars if that is possible .
good
love the interface , great smartwatch integration but cant change the color palette for some reason tried reinstalling and resetting app no luck
good idea , and attractive interface , but events have to be in your calendar to sync - there is n't an option to add an event directly through the app . i do n't wish to put work time , etc . into my calendar .
i ca n't get the widget to appear in the background wallpaper screen , , purchased the app only for that feature , , , any help ?
i think it will be better when it has a circle on the background , no need to open to see the timetable
whould be nice if i can set the view old event larger numbers than 3 hours , this is kind of a deal breaker for what i use it for
would gladly pay for this if it was outlook compatible .
i love the idea of this app , is quite unique in the way it visually shows my upcoming events . sadly , try as i might , i ca n't get it to refresh correctly with my calendar , its always wing despite following all the steps .
this app is good , however the reason i need a calendar app is to share it with someone else , and this app does n't seem to have a shared calendar function . which is a shame because it 's a really decent app .
7t
can you make the graph fully editable eg without importing from calendars ? i want to be able to add stuff without it having to access my calendar
good planner and reminder
unable to give color to events . only blue color is coming
the app works with the exception of showing all events on the app . the widget show 12 ( 9 hours ahead and 3 hours passed . ) so when one views tomorrow 's schedule in the evening , the app does not show tomorrow mornings event or anything prior to 3 hours before the current time the next day . ( a bit of a mouthful but those with full schedule will know what i mean )
i can not get the widget i designed to show up on the screen . i went through the faq with no success . i have a galaxy s8 plus with android 7 .
hard to use
how do you get it to sync with your ms outlook calender ? what does it mean you detailed it in # 8
appearance good . sometimes lags and do n't update the time even after an hour .
i wish it was n't conected to google callander which i do n't like at all .. overall realy awesome concept . wish i could use it ... if only it was a callander on its own .
is there no way to have weekly rasks , but only week days ? other apps have this option ...
i ca n't not choose another calendar besides google calendar to sync with app
the app has started causing toasters to pop up frequently saying `` this widget will not be updated . maximum memory is used for the same widgets . '' i only have one instance of the widget running and plenty of free space . i 've removed it from my home screen for now , the notifications are too annoying .
would be better if it could hide declined events
different colors are not available for different tasks .
the circle widget should be bigger .
really hard to read when you have overlapping calendar items , which is a shame as the concept of a circular 'clock ' calendar is a good one .
it would be better if i could see a whole day shedule at once ( maybe with applying two widgets that does n't show the same period of time ) or if i could croll time not only in the app but on the widget too .
i ca n't figure out how to make it work on my s2 watch . there are no clear instructions .
i love the idea of the app . cantake a minute to figure out . wish it had its own calander or was able to sync with others other than google calendar .
the app itself is very good . nevertheless , there 's a problem : i ca n't seem to make it work on my sony smartwatch 3. in fact , as soon as i install the app on my phone , the watch face appears on the watch but after a while ( about a minute ) it suddenly disappears .
it 's such a bummer it does n't work on the samsung sport watch .
glitchy but good
this can not sync outlook : (
it 's good but complicated a bit
app idea and design is great , but it is not possible to add calendar from work profile account anyhow - it is just invisible . android 7.1.1. promise rating 5 , if fixed . upd : thanks for prompt reply , but it is about google calendar in work profile - it creates a separate copies of google apps for it . please have a look at work profile specifics for android 7+
i really like the concept , but the app/widget does n't recognise 'reminders ' , only 'events ' . if my day was organised hour by hour with events then this would be ideal , but i rarely have more than 2 events per half day . reminders i use all the time , if the widget recognised those then it would be far more useful to me . would still recommend despite this .
good premise . just does n't sync with any calendars . unhelpful guide
i loved the look of this widget and can see the potential , but it made my phone completely crash , turning itself off and constantly trying to turn on but would only stay on for 2 minutes i had to delete it . please help me so this does n't happen , because i would love to be able to use this .
i better have it all
i downloaded s.graph but i do not have any widgets with it . i have google calendar . i can open the app but there is no home screen widget . any way i can fix that ? i have a samsung s6 active . thanks a lot !
very useful , great clock widget with my schedule . it is better if can open calendar app by touched widget .
great idea , but really needs to be able to incorporate reminders - way easier to set up in my opinion , especially for repeat events .
size should be more large ... nd alarm needed
so , i did not get it . does this app only import events from calendar ? ca n't i create my own daily routine within this app ? that would be way cooler to be honest , as i barely use calendar .
excellent concept which has huge potential . only problem is that the hour hand does not keep time correctly in 24 hour time . it shows 1400 instead of 1600 ( 2 hour difference ) .
it 's very nice view but i need also 'to done list ' in which feature i can input what i did and review after that myself ..
nice app but how to put red color ? ? t-t
i 'd really like to use this app , but there 's no option to sync with other calendar services like microsoft 's .
i wish the clock looked simpler . the point of downloading the app was to be able to see what my day is like just by looking at it once . the sectors should be more defined .
it 's a great app but it has glitches . i tried setting my work hours for tomorrow 's date . but when i clicked save and went back to the graph , it had the hours set for today , not tomorrow .
loved the concept , beautiful design , and has taken its place on my home screen after a clarification from the dev on syncing other calendars . i also love the fact that you can just jump in and use the widget , or you can opt for deep customisation of the look , feel and functionality .
works well and syncs well with the chosen calenders .
app is good but have some error it 's no refresh automatically on widget home screen we have to open app to refresh apps hour line please fix tht error
i wish it was easier to figure out . i ca n't figure out how to make it look like the photos on here where the time is color blocked out .
the time displayed does not automatically update . one has to cluck on the widget and enter the app for it to sync with actual time .
it show the full day events on next day actual , which is incorrect . otherwise it 's good . there should be option for alert tone .
this is one of the few circular calendar widgets available , but it has a little ways to go before i 'd want to keep it . possible improvements : -sync to outlook -easy color coding options for each scheduled event : would be nice to see red for gym , orange for meal times , green for bill paying , blue for sleep , etc . -would prefer a widget that i can tap on without it opening the app . small dot next to the widget is fine to open apps . -would also prefer a 3d widget that appeared to be hanging , so when i tapped it , it reacted to the tap . -double sided widget , am on one side , pm on the other . -drag to reschedule events -hold to add events -hold to edit events .
great but missing exchange tasks on widget . please add .
i like it but i would have liked to have the option of using it as a homepage , like an interactive wallpaper . secondly this should also be an android wear watch face .
its seem complex in the first time . anyway , can see all activity in the big picture
do you have plan to make it available as soon for android wear watches ? than it probably will be 5-star app : )
widget not making full use of size .
i really love this app . with my busy schedule it 's so great to have all my day 's events plotted out in one great visual . but , it drains my battery like crazy ! i 've lost 10 % just typing this out . i have to un-install it . please . find a way to fix this so i can re-install !
like the concept , but was hoping to see the full widget on my phone . unfortunately does not display like the screenshot you show above on a samsung s7 edge ( not sure if it is settings i need to change ) . i would also like better integration with microsoft outlook . currently it takes me to the calendar but none of my meetings show up on the widget . integrates well to samsung planner and google calendar but not my work app calendar . finally like some of the ideas below of changing to a 24h calendar .
have not fully tried this app yet but the images and graphical user interface is appealing to me . hopefully this app would be able to meet my requirements in my daily life chores .
the widget is not updating automatically
app looks very interesting and the way it is displayed is ibteresting . but i am unable to place the widget on screen .. each time i try to add it to my homescreen it disappears .. i mean it does bot get placed on my home screen . help me with this .. my phone is one plus 3 with android 7.1 noughat
better tips : it will great we can customize without google calender
good app , but not exactly what i was looking for . this app uses your calendar events and organizes them in the circle . the controls are great , i love when i move the red time bar it scrolls through all the things and shows the time changing . love the widget . i wanted this to work out a homeschool schedule . i ended up having to make a new calendar and syncing only that one . i was able to change the colors of each event in the app . very easy to use overall .
it took me a while to understand how to use certain features , but once i did i found it to be exactly what i needed ! if google would allow reminders to come through , it would be the perfect time management tool ! my only thought would be if there was some sort of tutorial or guide to help know what some things were for ( like when i 'm changing the color scheme , i ca n't always tell what 's what ) for those not wanting their calendar clogged up , just make those things hidden after you 've added them .
thanks to you , this app makes me more concentrated and schedulable in my days , and its efficient visual time widget on the home screen is really practical . but sync between calendar and app is a little time-consuming .
now realize will not show appointments over 12 hours out , however would think should see them in overall list , but not on widget .... good but could be just tad better .
very good well , it 's a great app . i just wish we had more free features . it would be a rmgrest investment .
you can add one thing , when we 'll touch on particular time period then the particular task should be displayed .
i really like the app . it 's pretty cool ! how do i get the 24 hr clock on my android wear ? 5 stars if the 24hr face can is possible on the watch ! : slightly_smiling_face :
nice app but not able to use widget ( nokia 2.1 , android pie )
very good app ! helps me stay organized .
best watch once you understand it . it takes a while to set up just the way you want it and to actually `` get it '' , but once you do it does exactly what it promises . its sleek yet informative and by far the best `` at a glance '' app for your homescreen . the watch addon is the cherry on the cake . only improvement in my opinion would be to add multiple different widgets . like give me the option for a small simple one on my home screen and a bigger more detailed one on my office screen for instance .
i love this widget ! ! it 's such a clear picture of the time and schedule ! ! my only thing is i wish it was compatible for the galaxy watch ! i got the app because i saw it on the watch i 'm the pictures but it does n't work with the galaxy watch . : confused_face : if this was improved to work with the watch i would give it 5++ stars .
cool app ! can almost replace the other widgets i have on my home screen , but missing one feature ( which is not the fault of the app , but a shortcoming for my particular needs ) : weather . include weather and i can easily pay for this app ! still keeping as it is a good app !
i 've been using this app and the watch face on my moto 360 for close to about a year now . with all my events for the day ( and the next day ) visible on my wrist , i can keep track of my calendar easily . however recently , the watch face is defaulting to 'simple clock ' ( default watch face ) whenever i use the watch . it only affects sectograph and it has been bugging me since .
i bought the pro version and like it so far . for now what i 'm really missing is the ability to change days from the widget itself , with the left and right arrows , and not only from inside the app . why would n't you enable the left and right arrows to change day as default ? having to go into the app to review past or coming days defeats the purpose of the widget , and forces you to use something else other than the widget itself . other than that , the app seems to be very practical . if the ability to swipe from one day to the next day or to the last day from the widget gets implemented , it would be a 5 star app for me . thanks .
i like it , also i would like , like a wedget but for the block screen . then you do n't need to open the phone , only activate the screen in order to see the next task in your calendar
a great tool to see what 's going on in your day . i linked work and personal calendars into one . the customisable buttons are a nice touch and allow you to make it work the way you want it to .
i think it 's pretty cool how this app communicate with the calender , smart watch greatly enhanced the experience as well , good job . i just wish there was a galaxy watch version of it . : (
a very good pie chart graphical view of your schedule with nice colours and everything is good about the app specially the graphical side . i 'm not a pro owner but also rating 4 stars because of the glitch in app today . my whole sector were invisible today and it just showed blue colour filled circle with only an area of 45° looking as faded blue . and nothing else was there . i also have screen shot of the error if developers need it . else it 's a great app . soon will buy the pro version .
this is so helpful ! i use this with the forest app to stay on task . you can add different calenders from google and keep work and personal separate .
its your calendar on a clock , best if you have a smart watch ... i dont . but still a great app if your a visual person . 5 star if i ever get a smart watch !
i used to be able to tap on the widget and it opened but now it does n't . what 's the point of the widget if it does n't open ? * was able to quickly fix in the settings . thanks for the comment .
good visual representation of my daily schedule and to-do list . a great way to remain mindful of how time is spent during the day .
lot more easy and practical ... maintaining calendar is fun ... loved the widget
very useful ! syncs with calendar and lets you easily see upcoming events and tasks
very nice app and easy to use
does n't really sync with my calendar as events are added ... * edit : user error with delay in google calendar .
it is a good app , really ok , but i do n't like that , you oblige me to rate . this is a no go ...
this app is very helpful but you need to control yourself to done schedule on time .
unable to tap widget to open app and open calender since update ! ! ! ! ! thank you for response . sorted
nice app but have n't been able to explore it 's full potential
its great app & it should be complete free but of course nor maybe few updates .... than i 'll rate 5
very helpful for busy scheduled hard workers .
good app but need to something more
it gives a nice visual look at the day .
i started using this app in 11th std & i 'm getting its benifit but the only thing is that it doesnt shows the tasks we have to complete in some monutes or if two tasks are to be completed simultaneously in a hour . so i humbly request to make some more changes in this app so that everyone can use it more comfortably .
neat , but i do n't put that much stuff on my calendar .. looking for more of a scheduling tool for everyday routines . do n't want to add all that stuff to my calendar .
pros : i loved the visual representation of events and integration with google calendar . cons : it is n't integrated with google tasks . most of the users would use tasks to track their activities , along with calendars . i would love to purchase the pro version and rate it 5 stars if integrated with google tasks .
very nice setup . thought enough of it to pay for premium . couple things - add ability to change watch hand colors ( arms match scheduled event making it impossible to see ) - add ability to increase watch face inner diameter digital time ( difficult to read ) . watch = ticwatch pro 4g phone = moto z3 w/pie
overall impressive app but it does not updated in real time . always showing delayed time until manual update .
only the first event added to the calendar gets synced to the sectograph app instantly . all other events takes quite a while to be synced to the app . clicking manual update or relaunching the app does n't solve the issue .
very nice and useful . would be even better to be able to set less than 12 hour cycle , as series of short events inside short time period ( e. g. a few consecutive stand-ups ) are not easy to see .
great for to do 's and keeping on track with schedules . notifications need to be adjusted . i do n't always hear when they go off . and sometimes miss my stuff .
i really love this app for so many reasons . above all it 's keeps me organized and punctual . what i wish i could change , or maybe i can and just can figure out how , is how to make the widget color pallet settings the same on my os wear . thats why i bought the extra options innthe first place . my watch face doesnt even look like it does in the photos . can i change this ! ?
this app is amazing . i use it to show all my google calendar events as sectors on a 24 hour clock . i just have one feedback , i wish there was an option to divide the clock into two colored sector , based on from when sunlight is available and when it 's not . the idea of ligh/dark period seems more practical than the usual am/pm . or maybe , provide a custom rotation to the dial , for eg. , i would want the day to start from the time i go to bed . and thanks for this great app . highly recommended .
really love the app . helps me organize my time and schedule . if you could just make the hours numbering in front of the sector , and adding an option for showing minute division lines would really help to read it better . setting the hours numbering outside the clock makes it look kinda crowded , and with some of the hour numbers ( 12 , 3 , 6 , 9 ) not shown kinda bothers me . also please make a preview of the clock in the settings so we wo n't need to switch from the app to the homescreen to see the changes . really looking forward to see these features fixed . overall , great app !
edited - read second paragraph . hi , not sure if i 'm missing out a setting but the app does not display all the events in a day . it makes sense to show only the events in a 12 hr time frame on the clock face , but the list of events should include all tasks of the day -- instead of us having to `` fast forward '' the day until the events appear . i did not mean `` tasks '' , poor choice of words on my part . i meant that if i have an event at 9pm today , and the time now is 6am , i will not see this at all . the clock face only shows 12 hrs : this makes sense . the list of events below the clock should probably show events for the whole day , though .
i think it 's by far one of the best apps out there . it integrates well with the default calendar app , and really helps you to track your day . tons of customizable buttons , and even the clock face itself from the hour/minute arms colour and thickness/length , to the placement of the numbers on the clockface . i love how it displays the time remaining to your next meeting , task or alarm . widget is pretty good and you have full functionality from the comfort of your home screen . lock screen display ? ?
been using this app for a short while . so far so good . it 's purely a visual of events , time , and alarms , while all the actual event management still happens through the google calendar app , and which i think is brilliant . still figuring out the app .... like how does one track time on it ? : thinking_face :
and this is definitely a good app for finding out your full day from start to finish in great detail . it has some pretty nice visual effects too .
i like it so far and i bought the 24 hours extension . the only complain that i have is the buttons that sit on the four corners of the widget is very hard to precisely click . i got very frustrated every time i try to click it . most of the time it'lll trigger to move the widget itself . : frowning_face :
made outlook play nicely by just importing my outlook calendars to google calendar . so that was pretty easy really . i love the widget on my phone , it looks good , works nicely , it 's awesome . the phone-clockface however ca n't be configured i ca n't find any option to add my business-calendar and some shared calendars to the clock face , it seems to only show my primary calendar ( which apart from my own birthday is completely emtpy ) . ( i 'm aware that on android one can select calendars , they just do n't reflect over to the android watchface )
really great app , love being able to visualise my day ! but it would be fantastic if the app ( and widget ! ! ) could now sync with the systemwide dark mode on android 10 !
this is an excellent application . the interface is fresh and new , and provides a new way to look at your day . i only wish that it could be made to be resized a little larger , as well as show all day events below in a list format as they are small around the bezel . apart from that , it is a solid 5 stars ! !
excellent and useful ! i wish i had a smart watch to put it on but it 's good on my phone too . occasionally the widget can glitch and turn invisible but it will come back . the outside clock face numbers are only black ? ca n't see them on my background and ca n't figure out how to change them . the widget palette is great , but i can imagine customization with background images of clock faces , different hand shapes , and/or color gradients to make it look really impressive !
this app is the simplest thing yet it makes such a big difference in my daily life . i would only add the option to see the details of each task on the widget ( right now it opens the app by default which is not a major issue but it would be an improvement ) . thank you for making my life easier !
awesome new idea for a productivity widget . significantly more useful than a calendar or list of upcoming events . the one thing i would like to change would be the display of numbers on arcs . it looks kind of silly near the center of the circle when the numbers twist and overlap . change that , 5 stars .
i like it a lot until you have overlapping times for your schedule or events .... it 's too hard to tell which one you are looking at cuz it only shows one . unless you touch it or open it but that defeats the purpose of it , it 's for a quick glance . fix that n ur golden .
do you have plans to support office 365 and outlook calendars directly . currently , i am syncing my calendars to google but it 's not a pleasant experience as the sync keeps failing on one or other calendar . due to this reason , i am stopping sectograph and moving to outlook widget : - ( for those who are on google calendar , it 's an excellent app and the developer support is awesome . i 'm rating 4 only for the dependency on google calendar .
i use this to help me see what my day looks like . the circular shape helps me related to easier . i know and i have open spots and i know and i am busy . it sinks with google so i do n't have to import information multiple times . really like it .
quite useful little widget . i only wish i had control over which calendar it used . it seems to only pick up the google/samsung and i would like to use the widget for my repetitive schedule and a second widget for my daily planner . there is the ability to select which calendar within the google app i want to use , but that just makes the calendar side messy . two separate app calendar selection would solve this for me , unless anyone has a better idea how i can get around this ? still , thank you dev
very helpful . a bit hard to completely customize but much of that is due to how much flexibility there is .
great so far , it would be nice to allow the 5 buttons on the widget have an option to skip a day , week or month forward or backward , if i would like to look ahead i have to open one or two apps when it could be a button you set on the widget . maybe even a button option that allows one widget to switch between multiple calendars , just thought id include that suggestion .
i really love this free app . it 's so cool to see my schedule visually and know how much time i have until the next event . the only thing i would change ( and this may already be available in the paid version ) is the ability to choose different colors for each event .
i give it 4 stars but needs main edits : 1. there got to be alerts to remind one of the activity .. not just notifications . 2. widget should be on lock screen beside being on the home screen . 3. this app can have the option of overcoming or controlling other apps ; as to prevent distraction of following the routine .
great app , switch between the widget and calendar directly . it can be improved , but is great in its current form . for some reason the widget disappears sometimes , needing to be re-added , which is annoying .
had written a bad review because i spent a week trying to make the app show two widgets with different calendars . could n't do it ( and wasted hours ! ) until i noticed a nearly invisible dot ( at least on my screen , i 'm using the iblue app ) near the widgets . pressed it and discovered the widget menu ! they should really make it stick out or write clear instructions about it on the app . i imagine they try to make it subtle in order to not affect how the app looks , but it took a week to find it .
nice app , 4 stars for interface , somewhere overmuch filled with great variety of little numbers , quotes , and other things , which sometimes could cause eyes-bleeding , as an evident consequence of an attempt to find out what for they are here .
it 's probably the closest app to what i 'm looking for . i 'd really like to be able to either style or disable monochrome mode , and have the option to use the same style between the watch face and home widget so i do n't have to go back and forth in the settings to make them match
my favorite aspect of this app is the visual organization of my daily events ! it 's a great little widget for people who need to keep track of their life but literally always forget to open the calendar app . i would like to see more color custom options : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
it 's a great app and the watchface is a perfect addition , but it would be even more perfect if the 24h mode was a feature of the watchface . ( and an option to switch between 12h/24h mode and open meetings by tapping the sector . )
overall a good app to manage your tasks . a good planner with nice ui and charts .
it 's a neat idea and i 've i tweeked the display settings i was able to make it easier to read . there are some features that could be explained better though . overall it 's a interesting way to see what 's on your schedule .
very cool app ! only thing i found is that when i update and remove an event from my calendar the widget does n't update . the event stays in the widget . also wish it had a setting to show battery percentage . still like the app though : )
im really keen to use this app , but the fact that it doesnt have an alarm bugs me a lot . i tend to glance over things easily so an alarm that i have to stop after reading my next event will be incredibly helpful .
nice app . nice design . but , i do n't understand what is a point of `` notice '' , cuz if i want to see it i need to be into the app . notice need to come with `` notification '' .
it is a very nice way to look at your schedule . it also helps you determine productivity , whether you are scheduling efficiently and are you allowing yourself some downtime . it can use some improvements and i believe that they will happen .
this is a great application to view the events in your day . easier to see compared to the traditional calendar app . one improvement that i would like to see is the ability to see future events by pressing on the widget itself instead of going into the application .
i 've really enjoyed this visual approach . this is the first time i 've used a digital schedule of anytype and been successful . i bullet journal and use a planner .
the most effective way to organize and follow your tasks , it is brilliant , ! the only downside is that it does not have desktop version , i hope they will fix this gap soon .
love this app , has really helped with sorting out school , work , fitness , and study time into my schedule . only reason it is n't a 5 star is the lack of a watch face for my galaxy watch .
helpful for those who are visual or have a hard time grasping timeframes . still learning all the features . demo mode is helpful but a full tutorial video would be more helpful .
love it . however when it says homescreen i thought it would show up on the homescreen of my phone ... but i order for me to see it i have to open the app . so not as helpful as i thought it would be . is there a way to make it part of my homescreen where is is always present ?
i like this app . i wish the 24 hour mode was n't a part of the pro version i would like to try it before i purchased but i like the visual of my day on the graph and the sync with my calendar or is now my main screen in my phones screen .
this app 's perfect for helping manage one 's time ! i 'm amazing how much better i do , when i can actually look at it and literally see my time `` flying '' by .
i like it , but i wish i could go to the days ahead and see everything planned instead of what is just at or ahead of the time right now . for example , it is 5pm right now , and i can only see what 's happening after 5pm tomorrow .
i love the look of it and how it helps me see my schedule ! i do n't like that not all my events show up on the widget . if it worked like it was supposed to it 's a five star app !
love the design , although the rolling 12-hours takes some getting used to . very helpful for me to be aware of how much time i have available before an event
does not include connectivity with google tasks or similar tasks software , which is , at least for g-calendar users , lamentable ! the very idea and design are superb though !
i 'm still getting my way around the app/functions . so far , its proving its worth . like to find a way to connect to alarms n reminders .
the only drawback of this app is that you need to add events or tasks or routine to your google calendar in order for it to show it in the app . it would be great if such events could be added on the app itself .
great idea ... functional & easier to read vs. traditional calendars/reminders . still learning it , but i think that i am going to really like how useful it is . thank you !
excellent time management and gives you a real sense of your day . i would however had liked to be able to change dates to see how other days are looking .
i like how it gives a different visual of my schedule the only thing i would do differently is make it scalable for phones . it does n't expand to the boundary box like it should when resizing
i wish there were a few basic color options in the free version . but this is good enough that i 'll buy the full version when i catch up on other bills lol .
it 's a really good app it helps you keep track your meeting or work and it is really good for students they can manage there time really well with this app and the good thing about this is that it reminds you 15 min earlier that the timer
instead of just giving me a clock for practice . give me an app for accountability , something in which i can see my entire day at one place and i can manage accordingly . make it simpler guys .
superb concept . but not able to sync outlook calendar with app . rather it 's picking events from local mobile ( oppo ) calendar . want to sync outlook & gmail calendars . please help
great app . keeps me on task and organized . freezes a bit and did n't show all of my planned events . i had to reprogram but other than that no issues at all .
great app , the only two features that would make it even better : 1 ) add option to hide declined events ( this should be simple ) 2 ) recreate it as samsung gear watchface .
great visualization of my day , but feel there 's a little too much at once , maybe more options to toggle parts - widget is the best part
good app
it is a good app , really ok , but i do n't like that , you oblige me to rate . this is a no go ...
nice app . quite original
it gives a nice visual look at the day .
good app . i agree with other reviews , the addition of tasks will make it great . update : the new edition seems to be less useful . it seems one need the pro version to get it to work well .
good app , but not exactly what i was looking for . this app uses your calendar events and organizes them in the circle . the controls are great , i love when i move the red time bar it scrolls through all the things and shows the time changing . love the widget . i wanted this to work out a homeschool schedule . i ended up having to make a new calendar and syncing only that one . i was able to change the colors of each event in the app . very easy to use overall .
very good well , it 's a great app . i just wish we had more free features . it would be a rmgrest investment .
needs improvement
its a neat app
you can add one thing , when we 'll touch on particular time period then the particular task should be displayed .
good app but need to something more
very good app ! helps me stay organized .
nice app but not able to use widget ( nokia 2.1 , android pie )
very nice app and easy to use
overall impressive app but it does not updated in real time . always showing delayed time until manual update .
i really like the app . it 's pretty cool ! how do i get the 24 hr clock on my android wear ? 5 stars if the 24hr face can is possible on the watch ! : slightly_smiling_face :
i started using this app in 11th std & i 'm getting its benifit but the only thing is that it doesnt shows the tasks we have to complete in some monutes or if two tasks are to be completed simultaneously in a hour . so i humbly request to make some more changes in this app so that everyone can use it more comfortably .
ok
neat , but i do n't put that much stuff on my calendar .. looking for more of a scheduling tool for everyday routines . do n't want to add all that stuff to my calendar .
now realize will not show appointments over 12 hours out , however would think should see them in overall list , but not on widget .... good but could be just tad better .
nice
it took me a while to understand how to use certain features , but once i did i found it to be exactly what i needed ! if google would allow reminders to come through , it would be the perfect time management tool ! my only thought would be if there was some sort of tutorial or guide to help know what some things were for ( like when i 'm changing the color scheme , i ca n't always tell what 's what ) for those not wanting their calendar clogged up , just make those things hidden after you 've added them .
useful
thanks to you , this app makes me more concentrated and schedulable in my days , and its efficient visual time widget on the home screen is really practical . but sync between calendar and app is a little time-consuming .
this app is very helpful but you need to control yourself to done schedule on time .
i like it , also i would like , like a wedget but for the block screen . then you do n't need to open the phone , only activate the screen in order to see the next task in your calendar
ótimo o app , porém ele é meio que um relógio de estudo que marcar cada segundo
its your calendar on a clock , best if you have a smart watch ... i dont . but still a great app if your a visual person . 5 star if i ever get a smart watch !
lot more easy and practical ... maintaining calendar is fun ... loved the widget
best watch once you understand it . it takes a while to set up just the way you want it and to actually `` get it '' , but once you do it does exactly what it promises . its sleek yet informative and by far the best `` at a glance '' app for your homescreen . the watch addon is the cherry on the cake . only improvement in my opinion would be to add multiple different widgets . like give me the option for a small simple one on my home screen and a bigger more detailed one on my office screen for instance .
i love this widget ! ! it 's such a clear picture of the time and schedule ! ! my only thing is i wish it was compatible for the galaxy watch ! i got the app because i saw it on the watch i 'm the pictures but it does n't work with the galaxy watch . : confused_face : if this was improved to work with the watch i would give it 5++ stars .
تطبيق جميل ويساعد حقا
good : thumbs_up :
good
this is so helpful ! i use this with the forest app to stay on task . you can add different calenders from google and keep work and personal separate .
really good
good application : thumbs_up :
é um aplicativo pra quem é visual se você ê mais chegado a listas não recomendo o uso . mas é um aplicativo muito bom para ver seu tempo livre e o tempo que você gasta com tarefas relacionadas a eventos
a great tool to see what 's going on in your day . i linked work and personal calendars into one . the customisable buttons are a nice touch and allow you to make it work the way you want it to .
i think it 's pretty cool how this app communicate with the calender , smart watch greatly enhanced the experience as well , good job . i just wish there was a galaxy watch version of it . : (
very helpful for busy scheduled hard workers .
cool app ! can almost replace the other widgets i have on my home screen , but missing one feature ( which is not the fault of the app , but a shortcoming for my particular needs ) : weather . include weather and i can easily pay for this app ! still keeping as it is a good app !
does n't support fossil sport watch anymore ?
nice app but have n't been able to explore it 's full potential
excellent
it 's a good tool .
does n't really sync with my calendar as events are added ... * edit : user error with delay in google calendar .
good visual representation of my daily schedule and to-do list . a great way to remain mindful of how time is spent during the day .
a very good pie chart graphical view of your schedule with nice colours and everything is good about the app specially the graphical side . i 'm not a pro owner but also rating 4 stars because of the glitch in app today . my whole sector were invisible today and it just showed blue colour filled circle with only an area of 45° looking as faded blue . and nothing else was there . i also have screen shot of the error if developers need it . else it 's a great app . soon will buy the pro version .
nice
its great app & it should be complete free but of course nor maybe few updates .... than i 'll rate 5
♡♡
very useful ! syncs with calendar and lets you easily see upcoming events and tasks
i used to be able to tap on the widget and it opened but now it does n't . what 's the point of the widget if it does n't open ? * was able to quickly fix in the settings . thanks for the comment .
beautiful
i bought the pro version and like it so far . for now what i 'm really missing is the ability to change days from the widget itself , with the left and right arrows , and not only from inside the app . why would n't you enable the left and right arrows to change day as default ? having to go into the app to review past or coming days defeats the purpose of the widget , and forces you to use something else other than the widget itself . other than that , the app seems to be very practical . if the ability to swipe from one day to the next day or to the last day from the widget gets implemented , it would be a 5 star app for me . thanks .
i 've been using this app and the watch face on my moto 360 for close to about a year now . with all my events for the day ( and the next day ) visible on my wrist , i can keep track of my calendar easily . however recently , the watch face is defaulting to 'simple clock ' ( default watch face ) whenever i use the watch . it only affects sectograph and it has been bugging me since .
unable to tap widget to open app and open calender since update ! ! ! ! ! thank you for response . sorted
great app .
it is better to have more choices in time repeat like i want do some jobs in some days of week wendsday sunday and monday
its good for me and it really helpful
it is a very helpful app
very nice setup . thought enough of it to pay for premium . couple things - add ability to change watch hand colors ( arms match scheduled event making it impossible to see ) - add ability to increase watch face inner diameter digital time ( difficult to read ) . watch = ticwatch pro 4g phone = moto z3 w/pie
very good !
need to update the calendar more ..... otherwise perfect
great and helpful app . love it
very helpful . a bit hard to completely customize but much of that is due to how much flexibility there is .
how do i put on homescreen ?
very useful app
apk बनाने का विचार नया है पर उपयोग करने में कठिन मैनेजमेंट और पेड भी !
only the first event added to the calendar gets synced to the sectograph app instantly . all other events takes quite a while to be synced to the app . clicking manual update or relaunching the app does n't solve the issue .
very nice app . very useful to be productive .
very cool
delete imformation i had typed in . did n't understand why it kept taking me to my google calendar
pros : i loved the visual representation of events and integration with google calendar . cons : it is n't integrated with google tasks . most of the users would use tasks to track their activities , along with calendars . i would love to purchase the pro version and rate it 5 stars if integrated with google tasks .
good one
i enjoy the countdown to my next event . very helpful .
sometimes it wo n't sync but overall works good .
excellent idea . great for visual based learners
simple and clear
useful app
very nice and useful . would be even better to be able to set less than 12 hour cycle , as series of short events inside short time period ( e. g. a few consecutive stand-ups ) are not easy to see .
simple , easy to use , and very helpful .
great for to do 's and keeping on track with schedules . notifications need to be adjusted . i do n't always hear when they go off . and sometimes miss my stuff .
starting days i can , t tell more but its effective
overall a good app to manage your tasks . a good planner with nice ui and charts .
not bad ..
good
the app looks like it will be great but it has only picked up half of what is on my calendar .
i am unable to set sectors properly as shown in your sample screen shots . please help
great app
great app
really great app , love being able to visualise my day ! but it would be fantastic if the app ( and widget ! ! ) could now sync with the systemwide dark mode on android 10 !
and this is definitely a good app for finding out your full day from start to finish in great detail . it has some pretty nice visual effects too .
brilliant app
very intuitive app .
nice app & very useful
how to set the widget on my home screen ?
good apps for time allocation in a different design mode
almost confusing but i think it 's ok
the app is really great and do n't even need the paid version . unlike what people said , i found it quite easy to set up . i wish the `` custom repeat '' had option to choose which day of the week and not the frequency of days , as my schedule varies ( schema as : 4 days a followed by 3 days b ) . i really love the widget option also . i just downloaded it but if i keep using it then i will consider buying the pro version to support the creators .
this app is fantastic ! i work from home anyway , and with the disruption due to the coronavirus , it was difficult to maintain my usual schedule . by the end of the day , i had n't accomplished much and really did n't know where the time had gone . i downloaded sectograph and it has made all the difference . i am getting my work done and even have free time to enjoy . i even recommended it on twitter yesterday .
brilliant ! i absolutely adore this app . so easy to set up , makes using google calendar for agendas even easier than just using google calendars ! the events on the clock face just clicked instantly for me , the fact that they can be colour coded is delightful . the widget is great , and even shortcuts from there can be personalised . i got the pro version even though the free one does everything you need it to . having 24 hour option is good though , and even more colour customisation now . love it ! !
this is the app i never knew i needed . i got the free version because it sparked my interest and upgraded to the full paid version within a day . maybe i 'm wired to see my day in the way they present it or maybe sectograph is wired to appeal to me , i 'm not sure . either way their widget is the top half of my home screen and i am more in touch with my schedule than i ever have been .
really great . it takes some time to get it working - my current use is to input what i plan to do the previous day either at night or through the day when i discover what needs to be done . jotting down your plans is more effective than you might think to productivity . ill keep using it and get back when i discover more tips to be more productive .
this initially looks a bit confusing . however , this design actually functions extremely well . the way it can act as both a clock , date , alarm and agenda widget at the same time is just incredibly efficient . it also provides you with a very easy way to evaluate at which times of the day you have events and more importantly : when you have breaks and how long they are . all this at a glance , compared to clunky agenda widgets where you have to sit and calculate it in your head . well worth the money !
an amazing app , helped me to become more productive and disciplined . only downside is is that i wish it was compatible with my laptop so that i can always be reminded of my time schedule . other than that , an amazing app . would totally recommend this !
i like it . what i would really like to be able to do with it is to set it on my homepage to where as soon as i open my phone my schedule is right there in place of my clock . food for thought : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : . thanks ! edit : wow ! thanks ! developer responded to my query within hours . changed from 4 to 5 ☆☆☆☆☆ ! ! ! !
a nice application with a interface designed to have the ability to give you a reminder , heads-up for coming events . it seamlessly absorbed info from my calander , alarm clock and prayers ( salah ) reminder . keep up the good work
started using this about a year ago and it quickly became a fixture on my home screen . it functions about as you would expect out of the box , which is nice because navigating the customization leaves a little to be desired .
the best scheduling app i 've used so far . easy to view at a glance , and connects directly to your calendar . no complaints .
this is one cool app . not only is it useful but it also has an aesthetically pleading footprint .
i 'm not making full use of this app yet . but it 's a very handy widget for busy folks to visualise their agenda for the day .
this app is really great . the best part about it that it 's connected to google calendar
at first it appears cluttered , but it wo n't take you very long to figure it out and by then you 'll love it .
very clear and easy to use app . the paid version is so worth it . having your daily schedule displayed on a clock is so nice for my adhd
wonderful app , unique and very useful , great design and functionality .
brilliant app , helps me to keep track of everything i 'm doing !
this app reminds me everytime i forget about something important and it 's all organized.i : red_heart : this app.thank u so much for making this app .
such a cool app ! ! ! ! exactly what i was looking for , and so easy to use .
beautiful graph/calendar . i love how beautiful and practical this is . i love it
perfect widget for your home screen , all your events in the same place on a clock .
this applications are , all there setting up you routine for the day and you can set appointments in advance .
very useful app for keeping track of the day !
extremely useful once you get a hang of how it works .
a great way for a visual person to outline and track their activities
this app is awesome , i love the wear os compatibility . i have a couple feature requests . it would be great if you could filter which calendars you can see on the greyscale mode . also it would be nice to have an option in the settings for making the watch 24 hours always , currently if i restart my watch it switches back to 12 hours , so i have to turn on the tap to toggle feature , tap my watch , then turn off the tap to toggle feature since i do n't want to accidentally switch it back .
amazing app ... helps in staying organised n focused whole day ....
love it . it is a great app with a very beautiful yet minimalistic design . i was looking for some watchface that showed my calendar events and this is perfect . the homescreen widget for the phone is great , too . and all of that for free , excluding some minor features like 24h time and in-depth customization . i can definetly recommend this app . : thumbs_up :
i bought the pro version a few weeks ago ... great concept . a few things i would like to change but ca n't find it in the instructions or in other reviews . is there a way to remove my alarm clock icon on the clock face -- it 's irrelevant , did n't ask me to place it there , and takes up precious space ? also and most importantly , i would like the hour hand to reflect the `` real time '' so i can visualize instantly how much time is left until the next scheduled task is due . for myself , having to press the arrows to move the hour hand and watch a countdown timer to the next task is of no value . if the hour hand issue can be addressed to reflect `` real time '' i 'll give it a 5 , otherwise the app wont work for me and it stays at a 3. i 'm surprised no-one else has mentioned this and i 'm wondering if my install developed a slight bug . update ... jan 20 , 2020 ... i received prompt response from developer ... fixed issues . my phone was an older note3 running android 5.0 so it was a bit different ... works fine now ... changed to 5 stars .
it was good because : -it had the time in form of a clock -it told you the time before a session -it told you the time each session lasts but since i dont have premium , it does n't let me choose different colors , which is not too bad . yet , i would like that option for free .
.. very useful .. i think i 'll be using this for a lifetime .. .. for further improvements or updates , i wish there could be more premium functions for free : grinning_face_with_sweat : , more event color options , more readable layouts , etc .. but i hope no update could ruin this already very functional app like what happens to other good apps .. : folded_hands :
es great . good enough for me to use it to help fix my sleeping pattern .
does what you want exceptionally well , plus the paid version enables deeper customization . well worth it , the free version is very useful and i do not regret paying for the premium features . love it .
an awesome app . i 've never seen a daily planner like this . the widget is great , and its designed in such a creative and useful way . easy to use . excellent , will keep using for daily life .
excellent super app . gift my god . thankyou
its a nice app a plesent representation of what you put in your task list to-do list or meeting list . learning the app and for myself getting everything to sync up properly took a little bit of patience but i got it and all 's good .
perfect . the home page clock & calendar widget i wish i had years ago : crying_face : . so easy to have a glance and see what tasksand events are coming up for the day in a really compact way . great functionality , customisation and options to add app/task shortcuts in/or around the widget .
good optimization and beautiful widgets
realistic approach on time management . : smiling_face_with_halo :
great concept , but not quick to use . creating events through google calendar takes time , i would like to be able to use without syncing to any calendar . perhaps add an option to store events locally instead of syncing to outside calendars . and make that process quick and ease edit : thank you , i have found that option !
if you use google calendar and like circular visualizations of your schedule , this is a must have . i paid the premium charge for the full set of features so i can see a 24 hour calendar view , and i 'm going to buy and `` wear os '' smartwatch to use this app 's smartwatch sync feature to see my widget on both my watch and home screen . perfect !
this is a very convenient little app that can have quite a big and positive impact on your daily routine , especially if you work on a lot of different projects . for me , the indicated time between events is very helpul in planning breaks . must-have for anyone who is looking for a clean and effective way to manage their schedule . well worth the purchase ! ^^
cool app to visualize ur schedule and make it easier to plan your day . a really cool customization system and integration with some non-default calendars is great . bought a premium right after first day
useful widget to view the schedule of calendar . what i like the most is i can just activate one event of google calendar and see it in the widget . was looking for this type of app for a long time : thumbs_up :
great experience , it would be great if it has some rotation feature , so that we can rotate the wheel and it shows the task as per indicated position . thanks
great app for visualizing your schedule and the inbetween duration of events ( actual time of events and time left ) ! ! ! really loved it and i treated myself with the pro version for colour customisation and 24 hour display ! great app . ☆☆☆☆☆
like the structure of the daily appointments . so much easier to see my day at a glance . [ edit ] unfortunately i had to delete b/c would not update additional entries . hence , 5 to 2 stars . [ edit 25dec ] i 've noooo idea what changed to be fair probably system update or google calendar . regardless sync works beauuufifully ! and absolutely delighted . so much so i purchased pro ( feed the peeps that make good stuff ! ) thanx !
supper helpful for me as a busy college student . i often forget all the things i have to do each day and this helps me visualize what 's next . i want to get an android wear just to have this app also on my wrist . it 's that helpful . also i just bought pro and i love the colors ! please keep the support and updates coming . thanks !
i love it ! exactly what i was looking for for a loong time . i 've used it as my main home screen widget for over a year now -- synced with my daily schedule set up in google calendar . i recommend the 24h layout .
this is a very helpful app for those working on time management . the home page widget helps keep me on track throughout the day .
very good app easy to use and has a great interface , very easy to follow and set up all of your daily plans .
one of my favorite app to view my planned tasks as a graph when helps for a quick visual of what 's next and when . thanks for the app .
was literally just about to upgrade to pro and install on my new fossil gen 5 , unfortunately the watch face does not work . it worked before when i had a ticwatch last year , so is there a reason it 's not showing up on the wear os app ? edit : got a response immediately over email and was able to troubleshoot my issue . y'all also earned a pro member : OK_hand :
its a really good display of the day ahead . exactly what i needed and it works great with the local calender .
classy and useful . it tied in with my calander with ease . i like the look and i like seeing it in my screen . it really is a simple way to see what you have going for the day quickly .
pretty good and pleasing to the eyes , but it would be nice if there is a button to see tomorrow schedule like a quick overview
really cool visual presentation . lots of customization features . great calendar keeper .
great ! i already feel so much more on track . intuitive interface issueless pairing !
brilliant app , love the widget . my favourite feature is that it connects to my google calendar .
cool planner visualization tool
excellent , very visual tool .
it 's great showing visual how much time i have and what time i use . i needed something like this !
i love it but after the update widget stopped working for some reason but ! wait for it , you fixed it in the next .
simple easy to use and attractive ... i use it for block planning so very useful
cool app . gives me a good overview of the day , and useful also for timeboxing . thanks !
amazing tool for time management ... particularly for people with adhd
brilliant app . must try and never uninstall .
great way to visualize daily schedule in a more intuitive way
very much featured app ! ! this app is all i need to manage my time
you can customize color and transparency of every single part of the widget . you can click on events for detail view .
nice .. but widget needs some more improvement as tapping on it does not open the main application .. by the way superb interface ...
great and even better for adhd
best app ever for time management and planning . sectograph rocks
great app . i wish that google reminders would be also possible on it , but it is great nevertheless .
great app . it really helps me stay organized
great for time management and visualization of one 's next 12 hours . thanks guys , this is a must have
amazing , its fantastic to have a visualization of what my day is . it keeps me on track .
it 's really helpful app and it makes you day easy and it reminds you in time i recommend it to poeple who wants to be seccsesful in thier livies and great mindsets : red_heart : :Morocco :
great app , i like the way it looks like clock : thumbs_up :
very useful for planning activity & management of time . thank u so much .
helped me in organizing my time ( calendar blocking ) .. amazing app !
well design , useful , and easy to use
i can see my day at a glance with out screen beign cluttered
this is bad ass . i really love the originality of the concept .
good app does exactly what it says it will i like that cause it 's hard to find nowadays
helpful to visualize recurring events on google calendar .
excellent app for time management and remainders .
one of the best apps for time managements and highly recommended for professionals
superb .... useful , handy , easy together with very attractive looks : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
best tool for tracking time in my opinion
pretty nice , helpful and useful app . like it
best app for reminders . great interface !
i love this app , unique style that looks great on any of my devices .
still need to investegate all the features but already impressed . will go pro soon .
really useful for time management .
pretty good . great graphics as well
free app works perfectly . syncs everything .
cant add the widget to my screen . id prefer having a widget instead of opening the app .
easy interface , great help
this is really helping me manage my time and daily activities . wonderful app !
1/ i 'm very happy i paid for the app - i 've used if for a couple years continuously now , and it has never let me down . 2/ this layout is excellent for taking my days schedule in at a glance . i highly reccomend trying it . 3/ the widget has pride of place on my homescreen , and my android wear watchface . the designer has done an incredible job of cramming all the important information into the widget , without confusing or overly cluttering the display . there are many useful customisations that i found easy to control .
great and handy !
great app
it has helped me to get track of my productive hours
love it in my wear device . wish it had current weather , daily weather on it ... even if paid feature . best wear face for busy people !
cool app : thumbs_up :
exactly as i expected .
es great . good enough for me to use it to help fix my sleeping pattern .
works well : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
great app
great apps for maintain schedule
brilliant app . must try and never uninstall .
good app ... kudos to the developers .. : thumbs_up : :folded_hands : बहुत बढ़िया भाई।।
awesome app . love the looks
nice
it does everything i need it to
perfect
excellent , very visual tool .
brilliant ! i absolutely adore this app . so easy to set up , makes using google calendar for agendas even easier than just using google calendars ! the events on the clock face just clicked instantly for me , the fact that they can be colour coded is delightful . the widget is great , and even shortcuts from there can be personalised . i got the pro version even though the free one does everything you need it to . having 24 hour option is good though , and even more colour customisation now . love it ! !
this app is fantastic ! i work from home anyway , and with the disruption due to the coronavirus , it was difficult to maintain my usual schedule . by the end of the day , i had n't accomplished much and really did n't know where the time had gone . i downloaded sectograph and it has made all the difference . i am getting my work done and even have free time to enjoy . i even recommended it on twitter yesterday .
perfect overview of your day and what to come !
love it .
so nice.my hearth of friend .
this applications are , all there setting up you routine for the day and you can set appointments in advance .
good develops app : hourglass_done : :alarm_clock : :locked_with_pen :
good optimization and beautiful widgets
very cool way to show your schedule on a day
this app is really great . the best part about it that it 's connected to google calendar
great and even better for adhd
this app reminds me everytime i forget about something important and it 's all organized.i : red_heart : this app.thank u so much for making this app .
go ahead and get the app . it is a great tool .
superb daily time organizer
lite useful and great
gr8 app .... keep up the good work
this is bad ass . i really love the originality of the concept .
nice looking clear presentation of the calendar
works beyond my expectations .
extremely useful once you get a hang of how it works .
good
increíble nueva forma de gestionar el calendario , alternativa ideal para un widget rectangular aburrido : clapping_hands :
the best scheduling app i 've used so far . easy to view at a glance , and connects directly to your calendar . no complaints .
awesome app !
an amazing app , helped me to become more productive and disciplined . only downside is is that i wish it was compatible with my laptop so that i can always be reminded of my time schedule . other than that , an amazing app . would totally recommend this !
love it
exceptional service
great app , very clever design ! i just hope there will also be a windows version one day ...
amazing app ... helps in staying organised n focused whole day ....
i 'm not making full use of this app yet . but it 's a very handy widget for busy folks to visualise their agenda for the day .
excellent super app . gift my god . thankyou
this is the app i never knew i needed . i got the free version because it sparked my interest and upgraded to the full paid version within a day . maybe i 'm wired to see my day in the way they present it or maybe sectograph is wired to appeal to me , i 'm not sure . either way their widget is the top half of my home screen and i am more in touch with my schedule than i ever have been .
at first it appears cluttered , but it wo n't take you very long to figure it out and by then you 'll love it .
usefull
i enjoy the sectograph widget a lot
عملي جدآ
just amazing : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
nice
love it
good app recommended
amazing productivity booster !
i like it . what i would really like to be able to do with it is to set it on my homepage to where as soon as i open my phone my schedule is right there in place of my clock . food for thought : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : . thanks ! edit : wow ! thanks ! developer responded to my query within hours . changed from 4 to 5 ☆☆☆☆☆ ! ! ! !
5stars
very useful app for keeping track of the day !
the app is really great and do n't even need the paid version . unlike what people said , i found it quite easy to set up . i wish the `` custom repeat '' had option to choose which day of the week and not the frequency of days , as my schedule varies ( schema as : 4 days a followed by 3 days b ) . i really love the widget option also . i just downloaded it but if i keep using it then i will consider buying the pro version to support the creators .
www//httpe . @ com.emile
such a cool app ! ! ! ! exactly what i was looking for , and so easy to use .
i can see my day at a glance with out screen beign cluttered
if i wish to make an app , this would be the best idea i can came with
really helpful app ... insane widget
a nice application with a interface designed to have the ability to give you a reminder , heads-up for coming events . it seamlessly absorbed info from my calander , alarm clock and prayers ( salah ) reminder . keep up the good work
cool planner visualization tool
very much featured app ! ! this app is all i need to manage my time
great apps !
a good visual representation of what i do on a particular day .
nice one
good
this is one cool app . not only is it useful but it also has an aesthetically pleading footprint .
really great . it takes some time to get it working - my current use is to input what i plan to do the previous day either at night or through the day when i discover what needs to be done . jotting down your plans is more effective than you might think to productivity . ill keep using it and get back when i discover more tips to be more productive .
seems perfect . will let you know of that changes lol i wish it didnt need google calendar . i do not want to synch to google : loudly_crying_face :
please support midnight cutoff display
nice
wonderful app , unique and very useful , great design and functionality .
perfect widget for your home screen , all your events in the same place on a clock .
very clear and easy to use app . the paid version is so worth it . having your daily schedule displayed on a clock is so nice for my adhd
very nice application !
brilliant app , helps me to keep track of everything i 'm doing !
gud app : call_me_hand : :call_me_hand : :call_me_hand : :upside-down_face : :upside-down_face : :upside-down_face :
a great way for a visual person to outline and track their activities
nice application
i hope it gets better in future
does what it does well . i 'm glad
it cool
its being punctual for others and very productive app.much recommendeddddd
wow
beautiful graph/calendar . i love how beautiful and practical this is . i love it
wow its used for my studies great please also set some features like more alarams
: thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
good app 很棒
just wow ! ! !
realistic approach on time management . : smiling_face_with_halo :
i loved this app so much after i downloaded it and used it for about 2 weeks . because i loved it so much i decided to purchase the pro full version and payed £4.99 . however , it was not worth paying at all . i would have rather used the free version with the ads . i will recommend everyone to download the app and use the free version but dont get the £4.99 ad free version because it does n't really give you anything extra . i would recommend the creator of the app to add more features for payed .
pop up stating `` the app has been blocked by the system . please authorize the app in your device settings . troubleshooting or refresh background tasks `` is flashing on my device . may i know what is this about ?
the tutorial does n't help and shows you nothing the app is very bad and is n't easy to understand i have given up after wasting time trying to figure this trash out . i would n't recommend this to anyone .
too many ads and require to pay for applications that are commonly found in play store .
app not work after purchase ... plz dont buy . user interface not good . beacuase eralier version is good ..
to me its not user friendly . i dont like the question up front before a tour of the app . its very limited unless you pay for the pro version . i think , when picking a routine or something a bar or something should pop up with options or ideas to choose from .
the one thing that made this app better than the others was that it was ad free . uninstalling .
asking to buy pro version when clicked on new program
too difficult to figure out how to set up , ca n't add times to daily routines . this app is a waste of space .
did n't like navigation menu location update
this app has started to give me full screen pop up ads
terrible app it did n't let me put my whole schedule in and it insisted me to buy the premium version which i 'm not going to do 4.99 for an app that does n't even work that well no thanks bye . and it restarted my whole damn thing like wth bch .
the app would be nice if it actually gave you a tutorial on how it should be used . it seems almost like clickbait , with one appealing look and then it 's not what you expected or needed . yes it 's very organized and but nothing is explained .
does not refresh on samsung phones . i have done every troubleshooting step and more , to no avail .
i found it odd that the app did n't have preset hourly reminders . most people have habits that require them to do them on specific hours ( for example ; gyming twice or thrice a day ) the app should have a feature on where you can input the exact times in the day when it should remind you another example of this would be : reminder : on every thursdays at 7am and 8pm i should be reminded of ( insert habit ) . instead it 's jungle of toggles that seem to not make sense
this app started out great . everything was so organized and i was happy i had a digital schedule with reminders to carry with me . but it stopped giving me notifications , it also stopped showing my reminders all together . i wanted to uninstall the app for a while because it 's never working , but today was the last straw . i had a reminder put for my midterm , but of course since it 's such an awful app ... it did n't notify me . i missed my midterm . screw this app , do n't download it .
why this app requires so much of settings in one time .. 1 ) like it should be in recent apps .. 2 ) if internet is off it does n't works .. 3 ) even though all the permissions to app is allowed in phone settings .. than to it crashes .. it requires an immediate update with all the bugs fixed soon . or people would n't even write a review .. they would uninstall the app and find better alternatives .
free options are hard to find and bundled with pro version , ca n't open free without ad for pro version literally clicked one thing after opening your app for the first time and it instantly went to a pop up of the pro version , i 'm not going to navigate your app to find only the free options that are given to me bundled in with the pro versions when there are other apps that are available that never mention pro version which i downloaded
i 'd like to give it a 5 star , very much . the app is very useful , convenient and easy to use and what 's even better is that it allows the user to modify the alarm ( sound , icon , etc ) as we please that makes it much easier to organize our schedule . but the app no longer works after i 've changed my phone , i do n't know if the issue is about my phone ( i used mi a1 before and oppo currently ) or the app . i 've read about the configuration to get the app back to work but to no avail , please help . ty
this app is n't optimized for use , it 's just a concept . for example , the alarm plays music but ca n't be shut off . there 's no `` acknowledge alarm '' so if it starts paying music ... yeah it never stops . this is only one of many bugs so bad it breaks the app . do n't waste your time .
new update has ruined the app ... the reminder option is no longer available with ringtones ... why the heck should i keep this app now in my phone ... deleting ....
cant even get past the first screen . i get a notice that my phone is blocking the app , but there are no instructions in the troubleshooting for my pixel , i 've looked all over my settings , there 's nothing i can find to change to `` allow '' this app to do something . frankly i 'm dubious that this app somehow needs some extreme level of permissions that no other ever has , especially as it hasnt told me why .
programmer does nog work properly . it is changing times and dates on his own . instead of saving time it is costing me time ( and money for the pro version ) . i ran into this problem a few days after my purchase so i 'm not able to get a refund while the app is unreliable , so practically unusuable .
worst app ever ! because there is no reminder bell things , i think there is but it does n't work ! i ca n't even remember that i have this app ! with reminder thing will be better . i spent two hours to write my routine plan , and i thought there is reminder ! it 's not easy to use this app too ! i am deleting this useless app immediately ! alarm does n't work at all ! ! how disappointing . : angry_face : :angry_face :
the idea is great , and i would have loved this . however i will not pay to be able to use different routines for different days . this app is nothing more than a way for them to trap you into payment . do n't bother with this one .
bought the pro version , amount got deducted and programer version became accessible . but after sometime its showing that i have to buy the pro version again . kindly troubleshoot this problem .
bogus app . update isnt working . i was using the same app in past in the same device it was working properly . now i hv updated and its not giving any notification and even status bar is showing the past activities not current .
not very user friendly , atleast for me . the alarm doesnt ring it on only vibrates . i have to put every thing manually , like if its 11 am in the clock it gives me optionts what i m going to do from 12 pm . and even after using it for a week i am not clear how dis format gon na helm me
i hated that you can not edit certain things . for example when you go to make a schedule there 's no option to delete blank slots , no obvious anyway .
i buy pro version but it features are not given to me
the new version is too complicated to use and i could not find any directions . however , a application with a easier use will be my preference .
bought the premium version long ago but now it has ad on it .
i missed my work today because of your stupid `` weak alarm '' method . this means i 've lost some money . notification reliability should be of paramount importance . if something does n't work 100 % , remove it . very disappointed . very ! edit : i did n't get any warning , nothing . if the other option is the recommended one ( which i hate that it adds an alarm icon in the status bar . other apps work without doing this ) , it does n't mean the other one is not working . bad . i 'm forced to use the stock alarm for the first event in the morning to be sure , which is very inconvenient
the new version is so complicated loved the old one it was simple and easy and quick to use it was perfect
app looks good but does not notify me on my oppo . i foloowed the instructions to fix this however they are outdated so i can not fix this problem .
it was to difficult and takes a lot of time to create a routine
very disappointed about the recent update , i had everything work fine till the update scrambled everything .
the widget does n't work , it appears only few minutes and then it disappears so i need to add ot manually again
hard to understand setup . could not schedule tasks to weekdays . does not even show a calendar .
looks great , alarms do n't work . the notifications just do n't work on my motorola g7 plus running android 9 .
its most timewasting app instead ! i downloaded this for schedule n it asks to buy a pro version for it ! it should be mentioned first before we dwnld this app !
i 've bought the pro version and after a week it disappeared . disappointing
does n't let me add even one item to my day without buying the pro version .
some thing is comming in front if screen and interepting . app is not runs in notification bar
i got just scam . rs . 200 for pro version . nothing happened . good times . : unamused_face :
do n't know how to use it because many icon were showing to upgrade to new version popups .
hi have been looking for a app which remind me each and every hour because i 'm a student and i need a that kind of app but in your application this feature is not available ... : unamused_face : :unamused_face : :pensive_face :
bad , the reminders not working many times trouble shooting
ca n't buy pro version on note 9 ? apparently in app billing is not available on my device ? guess i ca n't give you my money ...
not user friendly at all , they definitely need to work on the user experience .
not easy to use .... always begging to buy pro version .
it will ruin your plan , you are going to waste your time customizing it . downloading this app will increase your screen time and degrade your efficiency .
`` removed support for google drive backups ''
why you changed layout to old one .. its really bad and annoying .
way to confusing to use the tutorial didnt help at all
it 's notification tune is frequency low
play tune does not work on gionee
oohh im very hardly managing it and its a disgusting app just a waste of time . also it is not uninstalling .
i really did n't understand the interface and its too complicated ...
what is the use of this app if it can not show notification with sound , also can not alert me when i m buzy in others chaos .
at the features are premium : neutral_face :
wont synch to calendar , have to buy pro version
sir i already did all step but i still face notification ringing problem .
i was looking for a class schedule app and this was not it
does n't save my timeline .... have to redo my while schedule now
not very user friendly . uninstalled immediately
interface is not really satisfactory
there is no time table , this app is fake !
ca n't do anything unless you buy the pro version
way to confusing to do something simple
not work in my tab lenovo yoga 3 bed experience : expressionless_face : :unamused_face : :disappointed_face :
the user interface makes no sense
bekar app at all !
confusing and useless
i was unable to understand anything ..... this app is a big mess
has something wrong it takes the routine i created for one day and do it for all days
could n't figure out .
this app is to complicated
premium version only
most of the things are paid
i have not installed it ... not sure if it was somehow installed by hacking
worst app does n't work
ca n't even name my tasks
not worth it do n't buy ...
how to use this ? help me please
the most trash app i have ever seen .
i do n't know how i feel
bruh i literally have no clue how this app works
impossible to use .
please tell me how to use the app
how to restore my pro version ?
not what i wanted . wanted a timeline .
i did not understand
can i get a refund
i have bad experience
it 's an okay app
not user friendly
i donk like this app anymore
lose my time : (
not really functional
i loved this app so much after i downloaded it and used it for about 2 weeks . because i loved it so much i decided to purchase the pro full version and payed £4.99 . however , it was not worth paying at all . i would have rather used the free version with the ads . i will recommend everyone to download the app and use the free version but dont get the £4.99 ad free version because it does n't really give you anything extra . i would recommend the creator of the app to add more features for payed .
premium version only
i was unable to understand anything ..... this app is a big mess
terrible app it did n't let me put my whole schedule in and it insisted me to buy the premium version which i 'm not going to do 4.99 for an app that does n't even work that well no thanks bye . and it restarted my whole damn thing like wth bch .
at the features are premium : neutral_face :
does n't let me add even one item to my day without buying the pro version .
a hidden wonderful music comment and feedback is correct please do it like previous it was
bought the premium version long ago but now it has ad on it .
asking to buy pro version when clicked on new program
app not work after purchase ... plz dont buy . user interface not good . beacuase eralier version is good ..
did n't like navigation menu location update
terrible
very bad
too many ads and require to pay for applications that are commonly found in play store .
new update has ruined the app ... the reminder option is no longer available with ringtones ... why the heck should i keep this app now in my phone ... deleting ....
does not refresh on samsung phones . i have done every troubleshooting step and more , to no avail .
pop up stating `` the app has been blocked by the system . please authorize the app in your device settings . troubleshooting or refresh background tasks `` is flashing on my device . may i know what is this about ?
ca n't even name my tasks
i do n't know how i feel
i got just scam . rs . 200 for pro version . nothing happened . good times . : unamused_face :
does n't save my timeline .... have to redo my while schedule now
the tutorial does n't help and shows you nothing the app is very bad and is n't easy to understand i have given up after wasting time trying to figure this trash out . i would n't recommend this to anyone .
i was looking for a class schedule app and this was not it
the app would be nice if it actually gave you a tutorial on how it should be used . it seems almost like clickbait , with one appealing look and then it 's not what you expected or needed . yes it 's very organized and but nothing is explained .
not very user friendly . uninstalled immediately
pagué por la versión premium y ahora igualmente veo ads en la app ... la app no cuenta con respaldos automáticos ni un login al menos decente . lástima que una app tan buena la estén dejando perder ante el montón de apps de productividad que hay en la store
worst app dont install
the one thing that made this app better than the others was that it was ad free . uninstalling .
to me its not user friendly . i dont like the question up front before a tour of the app . its very limited unless you pay for the pro version . i think , when picking a routine or something a bar or something should pop up with options or ideas to choose from .
useless
confusing and useless
not easy to use .... always begging to buy pro version .
this app has started to give me full screen pop up ads
i buy pro version but it features are not given to me
could n't figure out .
: face_with_rolling_eyes : :face_with_rolling_eyes : :face_with_rolling_eyes :
bekar app at all !
too difficult to figure out how to set up , ca n't add times to daily routines . this app is a waste of space .
hello . the app keeps disappearing from my notifications . i already allowed notification access and persistent notification on my settings . i also whitelisted the app on my battery saver but it still does n't work . help please : folded_hands :
it was to difficult and takes a lot of time to create a routine
very bad app
hard to use
not user friendly at all , they definitely need to work on the user experience .
terrible
very bad
oohh im very hardly managing it and its a disgusting app just a waste of time . also it is not uninstalling .
nic
not really functional
bad , the reminders not working many times trouble shooting
way to confusing to use the tutorial didnt help at all
cant even get past the first screen . i get a notice that my phone is blocking the app , but there are no instructions in the troubleshooting for my pixel , i 've looked all over my settings , there 's nothing i can find to change to `` allow '' this app to do something . frankly i 'm dubious that this app somehow needs some extreme level of permissions that no other ever has , especially as it hasnt told me why .
worst app ever ! because there is no reminder bell things , i think there is but it does n't work ! i ca n't even remember that i have this app ! with reminder thing will be better . i spent two hours to write my routine plan , and i thought there is reminder ! it 's not easy to use this app too ! i am deleting this useless app immediately ! alarm does n't work at all ! ! how disappointing . : angry_face : :angry_face :
bad
bad
em app ra bai ardham ai sasthaledhu
sobad
worst app does n't work
worst app waste of time
i really did n't understand the interface and its too complicated ...
way to confusing to do something simple
looks great , alarms do n't work . the notifications just do n't work on my motorola g7 plus running android 9 .
the user interface makes no sense
not good worst app
app looks good but does not notify me on my oppo . i foloowed the instructions to fix this however they are outdated so i can not fix this problem .
it 's an okay app
its too complex
ca n't do anything unless you buy the pro version
very confusing
not work in my tab lenovo yoga 3 bed experience : expressionless_face : :unamused_face : :disappointed_face :
why you changed layout to old one .. its really bad and annoying .
sir i already did all step but i still face notification ringing problem .
hard to understand setup . could not schedule tasks to weekdays . does not even show a calendar .
bakwas app
i 'd like to give it a 5 star , very much . the app is very useful , convenient and easy to use and what 's even better is that it allows the user to modify the alarm ( sound , icon , etc ) as we please that makes it much easier to organize our schedule . but the app no longer works after i 've changed my phone , i do n't know if the issue is about my phone ( i used mi a1 before and oppo currently ) or the app . i 've read about the configuration to get the app back to work but to no avail , please help . ty
can i get a refund
worst app
bhai very very very very bad asp
not user friendly
`` removed support for google drive backups ''
i hated that you can not edit certain things . for example when you go to make a schedule there 's no option to delete blank slots , no obvious anyway .
not very user friendly , atleast for me . the alarm doesnt ring it on only vibrates . i have to put every thing manually , like if its 11 am in the clock it gives me optionts what i m going to do from 12 pm . and even after using it for a week i am not clear how dis format gon na helm me
wont synch to calendar , have to buy pro version
bruh i literally have no clue how this app works
this app is n't optimized for use , it 's just a concept . for example , the alarm plays music but ca n't be shut off . there 's no `` acknowledge alarm '' so if it starts paying music ... yeah it never stops . this is only one of many bugs so bad it breaks the app . do n't waste your time .
bogus app . update isnt working . i was using the same app in past in the same device it was working properly . now i hv updated and its not giving any notification and even status bar is showing the past activities not current .
hate itt
not working in my phone
very disappointed about the recent update , i had everything work fine till the update scrambled everything .
not what i wanted . wanted a timeline .
the idea is great , and i would have loved this . however i will not pay to be able to use different routines for different days . this app is nothing more than a way for them to trap you into payment . do n't bother with this one .
programmer does nog work properly . it is changing times and dates on his own . instead of saving time it is costing me time ( and money for the pro version ) . i ran into this problem a few days after my purchase so i 'm not able to get a refund while the app is unreliable , so practically unusuable .
ca n't buy pro version on note 9 ? apparently in app billing is not available on my device ? guess i ca n't give you my money ...
bought the pro version , amount got deducted and programer version became accessible . but after sometime its showing that i have to buy the pro version again . kindly troubleshoot this problem .
has something wrong it takes the routine i created for one day and do it for all days
there is no time table , this app is fake !
bad experience
how to use this ? help me please
i found it odd that the app did n't have preset hourly reminders . most people have habits that require them to do them on specific hours ( for example ; gyming twice or thrice a day ) the app should have a feature on where you can input the exact times in the day when it should remind you another example of this would be : reminder : on every thursdays at 7am and 8pm i should be reminded of ( insert habit ) . instead it 's jungle of toggles that seem to not make sense
the new version is too complicated to use and i could not find any directions . however , a application with a easier use will be my preference .
very bad
i 've only just started using it and can already tell it has potential . it has a simple ui but very confusing features with next to no instruction on how the features work . i purchased the premium version with the hopes to organise my routines to suit my shift work . but i ca n't find a way to automatically alternate my routine cycles ( if it 's even possible ) , starting the following routine cycle when the previous ends
fair enough for ads but now the widget is n't showing anything anymore , it 's just blank . i 've set up all events and schedule and it 's still blank .
reminders should not be transfered in event section . it was better before to figure out events and remiders separatly .
how to use this app ? : thinking_face : very bad experience . please simplify the process . nobody wants to take a extra tutorials to use your app to plan our day .
would agree that it isnt very user friendly . functions seem complicated and too basic at the same time
please update the app , i want to use the app , but after a day , alarm is not ringing , i think this app have too much bugs and problems
this app is really very good , but notifications are n't working . i tried everything it told me to do but it 's still not working .
this tune can make alarm ? i set a few alarm is not ringing ..
useless and time consuming . got pro version but no option for refund
i would love this app only if the notifications work at all . there were no alarms or notifications or pop ups showing in my oppo f5 . i tried tinkering with the system like what was said in the troubleshooting page so may times , yet nothing worked . would give 5 if i do not have this issue .
i like the way it 's present itself but advantage if your not getting any notification ring ...... in the system i allowed everything i needed too but still it 's not working out
it is a good idea , but it 's not really easy to use .. in fact it 's quite complicated : / i bought premium because they advertised i could set schedules per day , and i can , but not how i had hoped . i recommend to make it simpler by allowing the user to toggle days per schedule in the routine editor , and additionally make any small changes in each individual day .
edit : even just an option for the horizontal interface would be great ! thank you for taking my review into consideration ! please please please ! bring back the old horizontal interface . or at least have an option for it . i used to absolutely love this app and would have rated it 5 stars anyday . but now i find it quite useless .. i understand how it could work for some people but it 's definitely not working for everyone ( as i 've seen in other reviews ) .
( edit ) been using it for a while occasionally and every time it feels like a hassle to find what i need to reach within the app .. i only use the routines , no events or reminders , i have a separate app for that , google assistant wit a calendar . to add a change to one day it requires a lot of clicking to amend it .. i end up writing down the rest of the day tasks on paper , deleting , amending the times and adding them manually with the new times .. that 's counterproductive . i need an easy way to move
was n't sure to begin with , as it 's not all that user friendly ... but how frustrating to take a chance anyway & pay for premium only to have it not sync with my calendars .... ! was n't really any other reason to pay for premium except that .... what a small waste of money ; it 's of no use to me now ! : unamused_face :
the new design is atrocious . before you could swipe left or right to see coinciding days which made for easy comparisons and changes . you ca n't even scroll back up once the time has passed . now its just one long , continuous list . takes 3 times as long to readjust . just terrible . 2 stars until a more usable design is reintroduced .
limited unless you buy the full version . i spent time looking around trying to work with the app . a lot of things i tried wanted me to upgrade , which is why i found another .... i feel my review is fair . sorry .
app is good but the programmer feature is bad . i have created multiple small routines which i want to enable from programmer based on my work meetings for different days . so if i have late meetings on wed and fri , i want to enable a separate set of routines for these days . similarly for weekends . the programmer is allowing for just dates which is not the feature that i bought the pro version for . i want small , reusable routines that i can configure from programmer for days not periods of dates .
so it 's good . i payed for pro but the issue i 'm having is adding my routine to my timeline because whenever i try and add it , it takes me to edit my routine . it 's really annoying because i 'd like my routine in one clean place . if this is fixed i 'd definitely rate it 4 stars
i was recommended this app by a friend who loves it . i got the premium version as i expected it to have better features . this app is very confusing to use . i even went to the `` help '' section and was even more confused . i 'm very disappointed
the minimum timer is 5 mins so useless for me . i had hoped to use this as an exercise timer ( i need alternating time countdowns running consecutively e.g . 3m/30s , 3m/1m , 5m/1m ) plus a reminder for when my favorite combat sports are on tv . i 'll keep looking .
great at first but now it 's getting on my nerves . i tried to create a routine for each day of the week . today is monday , and for some reason , my monday routine shows up for tomorrow , wednesday , thursday and friday . i 've had daily routines show up on other days over the past week as well . there seems to be a setting where i can change this , but that does n't seem to do the trick . it should n't be this hard to have one daily routine for each day of the week . uninstalled .
very bad app . i organised all of my activities , took me 1 hour to complete my planner , then realised that the app automatically sets the time at am , so all my afternoon activities where at the morning , for example if i had to eat at 1pm it said that i had to eat at 1am , so i changed them to pm and suddenly the app errased my whole schedule . wasting 1 hour
android keep blocking the app from sending notifications , i 've re-downloaded it and put an exception for it in the battery settings to work without interruption but nothing happens ! fix it .
i 've spent hours on it already and i 'm just not getting it . looks like most tutorials are for an older version . ca n't figure out how to create shorter than 7 day routines , what 's the difference between a routine and an event , etc .
nothing special . just a calendar app . not worth the time it takes to set up . clunky at best . poor layout . minimal instructions . not intuitive to use
app can not keep track of an atypical . everytime i set the day one it just resets after day 5 back to day one . instead of skipping two days and then 2 day 1 like a normal week would work . i 'm deleting this app for sure .
clunky , complicated , and confusing . not streamlined . ugly color choice for non pro . just a disappointment .
not very easy to use . you can figure it out after you play with it long enough , but over all , not very intuitive .
yeah , this is not user-friendly . there should be some kind of tutorial , this is not the kind of app you can just jump in and start using , which is what i was hoping for .
useless i dont want to purchase the app as this free version offers no good features .. the paid app might be better .. rating 2 just because of the feedback on user review .
annoying to set up . you 'd think it would be easy to have the exact same same schedule just 30 min later .
i had added a routine & by default it took a date almost 8 days ahead from today 's date ... i m unable to change the date ... it 's frustrating ...
i would give this app 5 stars , but if you press `` silence notifications , '' you can never turn them back on .
it is better if do n't have buy pro version , hoping an app free offline soon .
statistical data for daily routine and check marks for completed or missed routines are expected
i was trying out the routine trick . i set the times and dates , but it just would n't work . please help .
the most recent update just made it harder to move times around .
useless without pro .
the free version is pretty minimal .
there ia no way to go back to the routine old interface ? new is ugly
really weird formatting ? i 'm trying to be more organized not get a brain workout trying to figure out an app
osm app but now its update an i am not able to see my all reminders that i use to remind my self before uninstalling the app
calendar sync for a productivity app is a pro only feature
you basically ca n't do anything if you do n't buy the full version .
everything i wanted it for i had to do the pro mode
has potential but made no sense i did n't know what the hell i was doing needs more explanation and help
im sure the app is nice , but i can not add a routine , or any activity , nor i can delete anything ?
cant move the tasks up or down
im still getting accustomed i like the simplicity
how to do so the link is not opening only
i 'm so confused and frustrated trying to figure this app out .
it 's just okay .
if u want to study you need to plan do n't use apps
genuinely not a good app .
do n't like the new changes .
i did n't know how to do anything ..
how to use bakwas i am vrry an gry
i got no notification
good not bad
worst
good
beneficial to get my goal . it 's heplful to make discipline and commitments to yourself , it 's continually popping up notification that what you have decided according to your time table , over all its good and helpful for students .. ! !
okayish
good
the new interface is cluttered and hard to use . edited , in response to the query below . in the older interface , a routine had a separate page for each day of the week . now it 's a continuous scroll . the older approach seems cleaner .
i 've been trying to figure out how to have a custom time set for the `` add notification '' options , and there does n't seem to be any way . for example , i need to set it to 1 hour and 30 minutes , but there 's no option for that . we need the ability to enter exactly the number of minutes and hours we want , instead of only having presets . edit : now after using it for a while , the app has been plagued with reliability issues . it often is late with the notification by a few minutes , or the service completely stops and i 'd have to restart the service . due to this issue , i can not rely on this app for anything that is time-sensitive because i 'd end up being late for all my appointments and jobs . i 've contacted the developer multiple times about this but so far they have n't been able to fix the issue .
a core function missing is the ability to disable a routine/ daily occurrence for a specific day . for example , i usually exercise from 6pm to 8pm every day , so i created an event that happens every monday to friday . today is a thursday and due to an unexpected occurrence , i ca n't exercise today . i wanted to change that my 6-8pm block of time just today , but can only do so by deleting the event for every monday to thursday to clear my timeline . makes no sense to clear that block of time and need to re-create that exercise block for all the other monday to fridays . if something unexpected happens at 6pm next friday , i 'll have to delete it alll , and recreate all over again after just to clear my timeline . if you get this core feature right , then the app would be complete .
i really liked the app , helped me a lot with managing my time efficiently to get the most out of my day , but since i updated it it started acting up , it use to be so easy to simply move routine blocks around and now it 's setting it 's own times or plainly refusing to be moved to a later time block , which is infuriating . and the app also slowed down considerably after the update .
play voice option does not work consistently . it regularly does not sound the vocal reminder . this is a function i rely on . how do i contact you to discuss further ?
while it certainly was n't expensive , it was a waste of money in the fact that i found this app to do very little more than any calendar . after reading the faq , it says it 's more than a calendar ... how ? especially since adding anything is done in the same way you create a calendar event . the '' routine '' function is a missed opportunity in that i think it will help me establish a morning routine for myself but in reality it 's about creating calendar events that repeat , a slightly expanded component of any free calendar our there . when i think of `` tuning my time spent '' i 'm thinking , better organization for smaller tasks . then find myself spending an hour setting 1 minute events for myself that i was never actually notified about lol what irony . unfortunately it was not time , or money , well spent .
firstly , this app often has been stopped . i 've tried to do something to fix it , but failed . then finally , this app has been blocked by my phone . so sad ca n't use it .
not so easy . perhaps pro version may b good . uninstall .
u should work on the phones like oppo and others so that customer do n't find problem
lots of in-app purchases ... not worth the time .
it 's too confusing .
routines do n't last forever any more
the new widget is not looking good . please bring back the old widget or atleast bring an option to make it look like the older version .
you have to buy pro version
tried it out . the time function , which is 90 % of the app imho , is clunky . the default `` end '' time is `` until next activity '' , but then it automatically changes to the start time of the next activity and you ca n't change it back . then , if you add a task that overlaps other start times , it deletes the other activities . i spent 15 minutes setting up a schedule and was frustrated to find that i had erased my entire afternoon schedule because i made a mistake when changing the end time of something mid-day . this app was , for me , ironically , a waste of time .
this app is a good idea and i like the fact that it is very good to start healthy habits an get organized but yet , i could not do anything even with the little tutorial at the beginning . this app was no help to me all i recommend is that the app has to be a bit more self-explanatory i did not know how to do anything ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so far i like it i thought there would be an option to sync your routine from the google calendar but apparently you can only sync the timeline . the time tune staff has been very helpful and the app has alot of potential !
reminder didnt work on vivo
everything is under pro version .
i regret buying this app . ( tl ; dr : do n't use this app if you ever intend on changing routines or planning . ) changing existing routines is very hard as it simply deletes whatever overlaps in time . so unnecessary and impossible to revert . if you accidentally click pm instead of am once , your whole day is deleted permanently . also , every time i want to sync between my phone and my tablet i have to export it to google drive and then import it from the other device . also , you ca n't copy items or days to another time . please make this app more user friendly !
at first this app worked well , then the next day this app stopped notifying my next activities . it stucked on the last activity before the next day
stopped working after a week
after recent update notifications messed up . sometimes i ca n't turn it off , so it rings until you reset the device
i want to create a regular schedule and be able to amend times for regular activities on the occasional week . unfortunately , when you amend the time once it changes your schedule completely . edit - i appreciate the response and looked at the guide . i do n't want to have to create a whole new bespoke routine day if i am just amending the timing of one event . unfortunately , this is not flexible enough as this wo n't save me any time .
in timeline section , i can not see the upcominh events ( i can only see the events for today and next day ) , and that kills the purpose of the time table apps . people need to see the upcoming event , in order to schedule nrw events , so they wont overlap with each other . keep up the good work , and this will be a good app : smiling_face_with_sunglasses :
i like the app , but you ca n't tick thing 's off . i like to go through my tasks and tick each one off as i do it . then i feel i am accomplishing something , i feel i am getting somewhere . if it had that , it would be brilliant .
timer do n't follow exact minutes . in case of 5min reminder it takes about 6/7 minutes to notify . painful
time changing on widget is not responsive enough , need bout 1 mins ....
it is not what i want
nothing special
very bad
i work in a school and the schedule has times like 4:42 which this app doesnt do . like it but absolutely useless to me .
essential app i have ever installed ... but i could n't set customised ringtone for notifications ... why ?
bad ! ! ! ! : thumbs_down : :thumbs_down : :thumbs_down :
best
i like the way it 's present itself but advantage if your not getting any notification ring ...... in the system i allowed everything i needed too but still it 's not working out
useless without pro .
reminders should not be transfered in event section . it was better before to figure out events and remiders separatly .
how to use this app ? : thinking_face : very bad experience . please simplify the process . nobody wants to take a extra tutorials to use your app to plan our day .
i would love this app only if the notifications work at all . there were no alarms or notifications or pop ups showing in my oppo f5 . i tried tinkering with the system like what was said in the troubleshooting page so may times , yet nothing worked . would give 5 if i do not have this issue .
fair enough for ads but now the widget is n't showing anything anymore , it 's just blank . i 've set up all events and schedule and it 's still blank .
i 've only just started using it and can already tell it has potential . it has a simple ui but very confusing features with next to no instruction on how the features work . i purchased the premium version with the hopes to organise my routines to suit my shift work . but i ca n't find a way to automatically alternate my routine cycles ( if it 's even possible ) , starting the following routine cycle when the previous ends
im sure the app is nice , but i can not add a routine , or any activity , nor i can delete anything ?
it 's just okay .
would agree that it isnt very user friendly . functions seem complicated and too basic at the same time
please update the app , i want to use the app , but after a day , alarm is not ringing , i think this app have too much bugs and problems
this tune can make alarm ? i set a few alarm is not ringing ..
this app is really very good , but notifications are n't working . i tried everything it told me to do but it 's still not working .
im still getting accustomed i like the simplicity
limited unless you buy the full version . i spent time looking around trying to work with the app . a lot of things i tried wanted me to upgrade , which is why i found another .... i feel my review is fair . sorry .
useless and time consuming . got pro version but no option for refund
has potential but made no sense i did n't know what the hell i was doing needs more explanation and help
app can not keep track of an atypical . everytime i set the day one it just resets after day 5 back to day one . instead of skipping two days and then 2 day 1 like a normal week would work . i 'm deleting this app for sure .
too confusing
great at first but now it 's getting on my nerves . i tried to create a routine for each day of the week . today is monday , and for some reason , my monday routine shows up for tomorrow , wednesday , thursday and friday . i 've had daily routines show up on other days over the past week as well . there seems to be a setting where i can change this , but that does n't seem to do the trick . it should n't be this hard to have one daily routine for each day of the week . uninstalled .
so it 's good . i payed for pro but the issue i 'm having is adding my routine to my timeline because whenever i try and add it , it takes me to edit my routine . it 's really annoying because i 'd like my routine in one clean place . if this is fixed i 'd definitely rate it 4 stars
worst
i was trying out the routine trick . i set the times and dates , but it just would n't work . please help .
app is good but the programmer feature is bad . i have created multiple small routines which i want to enable from programmer based on my work meetings for different days . so if i have late meetings on wed and fri , i want to enable a separate set of routines for these days . similarly for weekends . the programmer is allowing for just dates which is not the feature that i bought the pro version for . i want small , reusable routines that i can configure from programmer for days not periods of dates .
i did n't know how to do anything ..
how to do so the link is not opening only
nothing special . just a calendar app . not worth the time it takes to set up . clunky at best . poor layout . minimal instructions . not intuitive to use
not very easy to use . you can figure it out after you play with it long enough , but over all , not very intuitive .
i 'm so confused and frustrated trying to figure this app out .
good
i got no notification
annoying to set up . you 'd think it would be easy to have the exact same same schedule just 30 min later .
( edit ) been using it for a while occasionally and every time it feels like a hassle to find what i need to reach within the app .. i only use the routines , no events or reminders , i have a separate app for that , google assistant wit a calendar . to add a change to one day it requires a lot of clicking to amend it .. i end up writing down the rest of the day tasks on paper , deleting , amending the times and adding them manually with the new times .. that 's counterproductive . i need an easy way to move
yeah , this is not user-friendly . there should be some kind of tutorial , this is not the kind of app you can just jump in and start using , which is what i was hoping for .
osm app but now its update an i am not able to see my all reminders that i use to remind my self before uninstalling the app
beneficial to get my goal . it 's heplful to make discipline and commitments to yourself , it 's continually popping up notification that what you have decided according to your time table , over all its good and helpful for students .. ! !
very bad app . i organised all of my activities , took me 1 hour to complete my planner , then realised that the app automatically sets the time at am , so all my afternoon activities where at the morning , for example if i had to eat at 1pm it said that i had to eat at 1am , so i changed them to pm and suddenly the app errased my whole schedule . wasting 1 hour
calendar sync for a productivity app is a pro only feature
useless i dont want to purchase the app as this free version offers no good features .. the paid app might be better .. rating 2 just because of the feedback on user review .
the minimum timer is 5 mins so useless for me . i had hoped to use this as an exercise timer ( i need alternating time countdowns running consecutively e.g . 3m/30s , 3m/1m , 5m/1m ) plus a reminder for when my favorite combat sports are on tv . i 'll keep looking .
okayish
you basically ca n't do anything if you do n't buy the full version .
the free version is pretty minimal .
statistical data for daily routine and check marks for completed or missed routines are expected
good not bad
edit : even just an option for the horizontal interface would be great ! thank you for taking my review into consideration ! please please please ! bring back the old horizontal interface . or at least have an option for it . i used to absolutely love this app and would have rated it 5 stars anyday . but now i find it quite useless .. i understand how it could work for some people but it 's definitely not working for everyone ( as i 've seen in other reviews ) .
cant move the tasks up or down
if u want to study you need to plan do n't use apps
there ia no way to go back to the routine old interface ? new is ugly
clunky , complicated , and confusing . not streamlined . ugly color choice for non pro . just a disappointment .
how to use bakwas i am vrry an gry
i would give this app 5 stars , but if you press `` silence notifications , '' you can never turn them back on .
good
i 've spent hours on it already and i 'm just not getting it . looks like most tutorials are for an older version . ca n't figure out how to create shorter than 7 day routines , what 's the difference between a routine and an event , etc .
i had added a routine & by default it took a date almost 8 days ahead from today 's date ... i m unable to change the date ... it 's frustrating ...
the new design is atrocious . before you could swipe left or right to see coinciding days which made for easy comparisons and changes . you ca n't even scroll back up once the time has passed . now its just one long , continuous list . takes 3 times as long to readjust . just terrible . 2 stars until a more usable design is reintroduced .
really weird formatting ? i 'm trying to be more organized not get a brain workout trying to figure out an app
was n't sure to begin with , as it 's not all that user friendly ... but how frustrating to take a chance anyway & pay for premium only to have it not sync with my calendars .... ! was n't really any other reason to pay for premium except that .... what a small waste of money ; it 's of no use to me now ! : unamused_face :
do n't like the new changes .
everything i wanted it for i had to do the pro mode
android keep blocking the app from sending notifications , i 've re-downloaded it and put an exception for it in the battery settings to work without interruption but nothing happens ! fix it .
the new interface is cluttered and hard to use . edited , in response to the query below . in the older interface , a routine had a separate page for each day of the week . now it 's a continuous scroll . the older approach seems cleaner .
i 've been trying to figure out how to have a custom time set for the `` add notification '' options , and there does n't seem to be any way . for example , i need to set it to 1 hour and 30 minutes , but there 's no option for that . we need the ability to enter exactly the number of minutes and hours we want , instead of only having presets . edit : now after using it for a while , the app has been plagued with reliability issues . it often is late with the notification by a few minutes , or the service completely stops and i 'd have to restart the service . due to this issue , i can not rely on this app for anything that is time-sensitive because i 'd end up being late for all my appointments and jobs . i 've contacted the developer multiple times about this but so far they have n't been able to fix the issue .
the most recent update just made it harder to move times around .
it is better if do n't have buy pro version , hoping an app free offline soon .
i was recommended this app by a friend who loves it . i got the premium version as i expected it to have better features . this app is very confusing to use . i even went to the `` help '' section and was even more confused . i 'm very disappointed
it is a good idea , but it 's not really easy to use .. in fact it 's quite complicated : / i bought premium because they advertised i could set schedules per day , and i can , but not how i had hoped . i recommend to make it simpler by allowing the user to toggle days per schedule in the routine editor , and additionally make any small changes in each individual day .
routines do n't last forever any more
genuinely not a good app .
nice
while it certainly was n't expensive , it was a waste of money in the fact that i found this app to do very little more than any calendar . after reading the faq , it says it 's more than a calendar ... how ? especially since adding anything is done in the same way you create a calendar event . the '' routine '' function is a missed opportunity in that i think it will help me establish a morning routine for myself but in reality it 's about creating calendar events that repeat , a slightly expanded component of any free calendar our there . when i think of `` tuning my time spent '' i 'm thinking , better organization for smaller tasks . then find myself spending an hour setting 1 minute events for myself that i was never actually notified about lol what irony . unfortunately it was not time , or money , well spent .
u should work on the phones like oppo and others so that customer do n't find problem
play voice option does not work consistently . it regularly does not sound the vocal reminder . this is a function i rely on . how do i contact you to discuss further ?
pro version does n't work correctly . i have more than one google account . app keeps ignoring account used for purchase and using other account . i have to delete gmail accounts for the app to recognize the account used for purchase and if i try to add the deleted accounts back the app starts to ignore the account used for purchase .
firstly , this app often has been stopped . i 've tried to do something to fix it , but failed . then finally , this app has been blocked by my phone . so sad ca n't use it .
not so easy . perhaps pro version may b good . uninstall .
i really liked the app , helped me a lot with managing my time efficiently to get the most out of my day , but since i updated it it started acting up , it use to be so easy to simply move routine blocks around and now it 's setting it 's own times or plainly refusing to be moved to a later time block , which is infuriating . and the app also slowed down considerably after the update .
a core function missing is the ability to disable a routine/ daily occurrence for a specific day . for example , i usually exercise from 6pm to 8pm every day , so i created an event that happens every monday to friday . today is a thursday and due to an unexpected occurrence , i ca n't exercise today . i wanted to change that my 6-8pm block of time just today , but can only do so by deleting the event for every monday to thursday to clear my timeline . makes no sense to clear that block of time and need to re-create that exercise block for all the other monday to fridays . if something unexpected happens at 6pm next friday , i 'll have to delete it alll , and recreate all over again after just to clear my timeline . if you get this core feature right , then the app would be complete .
it 's too confusing .
not sure
lots of in-app purchases ... not worth the time .
alarm not working .. so no time strict
it is not what i want
it 's confusing
tried to plan my weekly schedule with the `` routines '' function , but it kept randomly changing the times of the events as i made other edits . ( for example , an event i set for 4pm changed to 11am when i hit the button `` add break before event '' ) . also annoying that you ca n't preview the notification sounds , and have to add silly tags to each event such as `` housework '' .
you have to buy pro version
купил версию pro . сменился телефон . что покупать снова ? тогда зачем такое приложение ?
the new widget is not looking good . please bring back the old widget or atleast bring an option to make it look like the older version .
so far i like it i thought there would be an option to sync your routine from the google calendar but apparently you can only sync the timeline . the time tune staff has been very helpful and the app has alot of potential !
this app is a good idea and i like the fact that it is very good to start healthy habits an get organized but yet , i could not do anything even with the little tutorial at the beginning . this app was no help to me all i recommend is that the app has to be a bit more self-explanatory i did not know how to do anything ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i regret buying this app . ( tl ; dr : do n't use this app if you ever intend on changing routines or planning . ) changing existing routines is very hard as it simply deletes whatever overlaps in time . so unnecessary and impossible to revert . if you accidentally click pm instead of am once , your whole day is deleted permanently . also , every time i want to sync between my phone and my tablet i have to export it to google drive and then import it from the other device . also , you ca n't copy items or days to another time . please make this app more user friendly !
everything is under pro version .
reminder didnt work on vivo
tried it out . the time function , which is 90 % of the app imho , is clunky . the default `` end '' time is `` until next activity '' , but then it automatically changes to the start time of the next activity and you ca n't change it back . then , if you add a task that overlaps other start times , it deletes the other activities . i spent 15 minutes setting up a schedule and was frustrated to find that i had erased my entire afternoon schedule because i made a mistake when changing the end time of something mid-day . this app was , for me , ironically , a waste of time .
i do n't get a single notification ... the calendar does n't work well ..
stupid
at first this app worked well , then the next day this app stopped notifying my next activities . it stucked on the last activity before the next day
stopped working after a week
after recent update notifications messed up . sometimes i ca n't turn it off , so it rings until you reset the device
idk how it works
this is a decent time managment app . the ability to create routines is handy , though it doesnt warn you or show if activities are overlapping . the most recent update ( as of 3/30/2020 ) made the app look much cleaner , which is nice . i would like to see more personalization options t'wards the look af the tags and app . choices now are very slim . the $ 5 price tag for the pro version does n't feel worth it ( yes , buyer 's remorse ) , so if you can manage fine with the free version , stick with that .
i bought the premium version because the app said this would allow me to create routines for a bunch of specific dates but i can not find this feature ? i 'm a casual worker and my routines are based around different morning , afternoon and night shifts that do n't fall on any usual days of the week .
i was using journal but ca n't write much until my hand gets better so i was looking for the app to plan my day preciously by time . thought time line of this app would work , like all the icon and pre-made taps . but disappointed that i can not use those icons by itself for my event unless you creat another `` routine '' if dev 's can modify the app that makes all those taps can be added to timeline by itself with my own time not only as events or routine , that would be perfect ! thanks
it 's usefull - but would be much nicer if there was an option to play a notification tone just once instead of repeating it continuously .
i 'm still trying it out but so far it has helped a lot . one would not waste time if they have this app in hand .
hi . thanks for responding and i 'll be more specific : please bring back the pretty orange background for the top bar and each of the routines . the current color is too pale .
i really like this app . but i stopped using it because it 's too hard to type out my entire routine on the app . i wish it was windows compatible .
notification sound does not work now , before it does .
i like the ideas of the app . however the biggest inconvience for me is when something happens that disrupts my routines . there does n't seem to be anyway to change the routine for one day with out changing it for every day in the futurs as well . it is annoying to have to manualy change a routine and then have to change it back the next day . i would like to see an option to edit or rearrage single intances of items in the time line without effecting the base routine or future dates .
when i tried to load in my own alarm sound , it would n't let me .
i used to use this app to set intervals of when i would check in to games i was playing , but since they removed the timer feature for some reason , the scheduling stuff does n't suit my purposes . still , the app should be able to help you maintain a schedule just fine , but most phones have that feature built in .
i sadly had to uninstall this app as tgere was no general opt-out option for direct marketing activity . i could opt out of seeing personalised ads on this app i couldnt opt of my data being collected and combined with other sources and shared by all of their many advertising partners , which for an app like this is just too invasive . very saddened , as the app does look really good .
routine module and programming is nice . any plans to make it a tracker app - log if the schedule event is accomplished completely , partially or not accomplished .. ? for example - drinking water few times a day . exercising 1hr per day .
really like this app but wish i could see my whole calendar or at least have the option to search for a specific date . that would make it perfect as i want to use it as my go to planner .
it 's ok but i wish i could move activities around in a routine instead of having to manually change the time one by one e.g . if i have yoga 9-10 then study 10-12 and want to swap them i ca n't just move around the blocks i have to delete study , change the time of yoga then add study with the new time . it 's time consuming and not practical . would also be good to be able to change settings of a routine e.g . from 4 days to 2 instead of deleting the entire routine and start over
love the app ... bt still some feature like temporary modification if somebody is late then adjustment is required and please add tasker integration for advance options if you can ... people will ready to pay for tasker plugin support also
there 's a lot to be improved .. hope this app to get better with the time
tried this app for a bit . the logic is very different from what i need , so the experience was n't good . this app focuses on routines and is built around this concept . it was very confusing at first ( because it started with abstract ideas , not what average joe is already familiar with ; e.g . calendar/timeline ) and the entire experience just felt awkward . for me , all i want is , see the day/week/month , add to-do items one by one , and be able to turn any of these items into routines when i want to .
stupid decision to remove timer .
pretty good , could be better
my original review seems to have disappeared . i have an issue on my galaxy note s8 where i ca n't turn off the alarms without uninstalling . i received a response from support , but could n't respond directly . their response was simply that i should be able to swipe the notification and the sound go away . yes , i agree , that should happen . however , that is n't what happens . there is no notification from the app for the alarm . i receive other notifications from the app . running out of room to explain .
the app was awesome but it stopped working in a week . i 'm not able to add any routine now .
i like the new `` jump day '' , and `` insert gap '' options , and the advice/delay dialog for multiple activities . the undo feature is a great addition as well . i 'm really disappointed with the new look and that vertical scrolling through . makes it so much harder to use - it 's easier to start changing the wrong day since the current activity is not highlighted in any way , and starting time is not that clear as before . also , those activity/free time blocks take too much space , yet there is not enough space horizontally for the text and a lot of the additional tags are n't visible . i 'd prefer a more compact look . it would take a lot of time getting used to this ...
i bought the pro version in hope i can organize my time to do my tasks , but the progrmer just disables the routine , that 's all ! ! ! ! really ? ! ! ! the other thing i did n't like was to set a routine for a reoccurring like school or sleep i had to set it for every single day , one by one ! ! ! you could have add a reapet feature to it . i 'm not happy i wish i could get my money back !
i have been using this app for about a year now without any issues , so i 'm definitely not fond of the new routines menu . i find that swiping from side to side for the days to be much easier and having the drag and drop feature to be more comfortable ( hope it will be implemented again soon ) . also the fact that you ca n't move a blank time frame up and down makes it difficult to set up the routine . as i have to change the time of every item to move it down . i would prefer the old version , hopefully it all gets fixed soon .
this app is useful . but . it would be so much more useful if you could set a routine to be repeated every weekday/ weekend day/ week/2week/4week/month/etc . it is badly in need of this feature . i thought buying pro would allow me to do this and it has n't helped at all and i 'm disappointed i spent the money . please say that it is an upcoming feature . resetting routines for every day is really inconvenient !
great potential , but i ca n't use the app to its full extent due to its counter-intuitive layout . just filling two days in routine view turned it into an endless scroll . shame , the app really looked like what i was looking for . reply : thanks for taking my review into account . yes , i think a horisontal orientation would be much better . maybe leave both options ? that way everyone can decide what best suits them .
it 's really only useful if you are doing recurring tasks at the same time , on the same days , etc . i set up a lot of tags ( categories ) but they can only be applied to the routines , not events or reminders . i was also not able to copy/duplicate events , which would have allowed me to reuse the same tasks at different times or days without setting up a brand new event . disappointed in the app 's scheduling capabilities .
decent app , but i was having issues with scheduling my week with it . any time i tried to m-f ( day schedule ) it repeated the same schedule perpetually , even on the weekends , regardless of setting day limits or time constraints . will check back on this one . ( might be my device thats the issue idk ) gui was clean and simple , and you can set specific alarm sounds .
i love the app . great concept . but the thing is you cant use it or it wont notify you , not unless you open the app . once you close the background it will lost .
i think the old version is better than the latest version . hope that there is an option to choose between the horizantal or vertical interface . the shifting of days from left/right is easier than the new one . i barely use the app since the change of interface . ive been using this for a very long time and it was really helpful .
while it has helped me be more productive , recently the notification settings are bugging out . when i tap on 'add notification ' , and select a louder notification ( for when i wake up ) and press done , i find out sooner or later than it had reset it to the `` opener '' ( my default notification sound that is quiter ) . this has caused me great annoyance because of this and do not know why this app decided to bug out !
not bad but not great . pros : 3rd party calendar sync , time line view , icons & colour options to customise . cons : ca n't sync devices , no task list or tick box . more options needed such as daily time line view , font size & highlight current day . editing is n't easy & i think the whole app including widget could have a neater , tidier look . overall it 's not very intuitive , needs more options & flexibity . it has some way to go . i 've got premium btw .
its good . i like the little picture icons . i wish for 2 things : that you can share as a jpg file and not a txt file to email . and that the length of the boxes represented the amount of time used . for example : snack time would be a short box . sleep would be a long box . thanks !
i used to have 5 stars , but then the layout changed and i find it incredibly difficult to organise . i 'll go so far as saying i hate it , it 's just soo much . i want to have a separate view for each day not an endless scroll like some facebook timeline .
app is good . but i want to suggest something > there should be to do list type of feature , that is what sort of things we are doing regularly from our routine will be selected and those which left undone will be not selected . in this way more clear picture of time allotment and productivity can be seen .
it would be nice if there was a warning what certain buttons do . i was trying to figure out how to change the day from day one , clicked clear day , and it erased my entire schedule . it should say clear routine if that 's what it does . i 'm a little pissed as i just paid for the app so i can make a schedule . still unsure of how to do what i need .
looks promising . would like to see : routine sharing/sync ( some routines you have to do with your wife ) , marking activity as done , have tags on timers and have more analytics on the actual timeline data ( not routines ) . i personally would pay a premium for these features .
please ! ! : sad_but_relieved_face : ... bring back the old ui for routine edits with horizontal stripes ... please ) ) . or at least give the option to select a preference . please , thanks ... it makes it more editing a little more difficult and much less appealing ... please : crying_face :
this is so complicated it took me awhile to to figure all the stuff . i would suggest add some tutorial on youtube so anyone can get used to it . and the app is solid and will think about purchasing the pro version .
it 's not clear how much it cost the premium account . also , every time i try to go premium i get a message saying `` the in-app billing are not available on this device '' . i 've always do in-app purchasing and it was the first time that i got this issue . really disappointed .
the app is overall good , just bought the upgraded version since i wanted to sync the google calender . i still can not sync the google calender into the calender and also would like to know if sync the 'routine ' from timetune into the google calender is possible ? thanks !
for 2.6.1 : timetune background task error keep persists due to : screen is off , battery saver , powered off . you can also add new features : `` refresh background tasks when accessing app '' toggle switch , it refreshes everytime when they accessing the app even background tasks blocked by system
first i was using this app but when i downloaded it after a long time then strange problems occured such as the routines remainder are not coming although it 's option is on ... also when i login back then a caption stating `` no authorisation provided to app '' is flashed ... please tell me how to resolve it
i like this app , but in the world of time/schedule management you have to be multi-platform . i would recommend that your next step in development is a web interface as the majority of a professionals day is spent on a pc or laptop .
pros : i like the layout . i like the ease of entering tasks . i like the widget . cons : no check off when complete . no accountability tracking . it just did n't help at all with keeping me on task .
just tested the pro version . needs to be more stable . sometimes my work starts at 12 am ? ? and it does n't sync with my google calendar . widget needs to be fine tuned . not quite satisfied so 3 stars .
this is app is perfect just need a checklist and daily , weekly and monthly tracker for each task ... had it been have all these , i would have given all 5 stars ! you know sometimes we miss ( or intentionally ignore ) reminders and we need trackers for those for self development !
this app is great if you know how to use it ... i downloaded it and it just does n't work for me it says it 's a routine app but it does n't really let you put your whole routine it only let 's you put one reminder at a time .
its a good way to manage your time , but after a while the timeline menu bugs out and stops sending notifications . besides that the app is very good .
great ui . the idea is great but need a way to mark tasks/routine item as complete . and so , we ca n't even know our progress . guess the use case itself is completely different .
loved it initially but after a while the notifications would stop showing up and i was constantly having to refresh background tasks ; too much for me to use often .
it 's really confusing ! its hadd to make routines and stuff . just over all really confusing . but over great way to track routines . i love the tag idea . mabey you should add a default school tag ?
the layout for the app is awesome . but it would be better if non-routine task can be added into the timeline with the same activity for routine task .
ui can be improved . more rounded corners instead of hard corners . it makes the app look more modern . ( my opinion )
this app has a lot of potential , but a few things could be added , and tweaked . i recommend adding a calender , and more icon options .
difficult to use and does n't show name of activity only when i click on it
it seems like a really nice app . but some functionality is broken . when i add routine delete few items , it merges in wrong way so some days become small while others have 34 hours
it 's a great app , but i can not depends on it , because sometimes it is not working well , i have to refresh background task
when you start to reschedule things , the interface is very awkward moving times around . for example , moving everything forward or backward on the schedule is very un intuitive
good but very confusing it was good if i knew how to use it . the whole set up was very confusing and hard to understand , i really hope in the future it becomes simpler
the concept is quite elligant yet also hard and confusing to understand . it would be eaier if there was a calendar setting and/or addition to help the user plan along with a timeline .
app is overall amazing only thing that i was missing that there is not any feature for prioritising the activities . hope the developers will add it soon .
the problem is the phone is not ringing even though ring is turned on . output is given alarm volume . yet its not ringing ..
this app stops the alarm i set after the while and then . this is the 3rd time this has happened . otherwise it 's the best .
it does the job i wanted , that is to ring alarm at the set time . however i am unable to clear the timeline ! that is old ones . could n't get much help from their help center
needs an in-app guide to make the user understand how it works . update : i really appreciate you responding and working on it . thanks
i would 've given it full cuz its an amazing app and i would recommend it but the down is that it takes too long to set a schedule otherwise it is an awesome app .
one problem with this app is it stops and also notification also hide and ask for refresh and troubleshooting then it again start show every time i have to open the app and refresh then it start working this must be solve
the program is really awesome but i 'm using the oppo f7 and it does n't do any notification i followed a guide but it did n't help that 's the programs only problem
it 's simple and easy to use but notification often does n't work about 10 times a day .
i think the app should request permission over other apps or if possible have it as a widget . it keeps getting inactive when removed from recent files tab of the phone .
edit : you have to buy the pro version if you want to sync your calendar , which to me is an essential component of a time planning app ...
it seems very nice , the inferface can just get pretty overwhelming to look can .
i have purchased pro version but still no calendar view . please add calendar view beside the timeline view
nice app but after enabling it , whenever i tried to open clock from taskbar this aap gets open instead , which i do n't what
this is good but , you need to update : where we can sync on our desktop or another phone via google or else .
i used to love this app ..... but now it has been ruined ..... made things more complicated and v ca n't assign according to days of week ....
how different it is from google calendar ? your idea is good and interesting , i am a knd of person who try following this .
just add 'to do list ' feature . highly recommend .
it does n't sound for notification even i had set every options like alarm tone , vibrate etc ..... plz reply
i think you need to improve the ui ... and the ui names . its really confusing .
it would be better if there is an option in which we are able to check whether we really followed time table or not .
notification does not sound . pls develop ......... why can not be set for 6 days in a routine week ... ? please like this
nice i really like this app this is very nice app to remind me our daily routine and save our time
has potential but the interface isnt user friendly at all
the app is good , but it would be better if it had a timeline ( please do something about that )
timer not working when screen locked .
hi , please provide accepted , pending , decline tags on rutine notifications of activites and also show day progress for these tags or activites in app . i think it will `` force the mind '' to follow daily schedule .
new version of time tune is difficult to use please upgrade it
it does not play ring tone on my mobile .
i love this app so far but the notifications are not really working for me
i think the app is satisfaying my will . but the pro version keeps a non-ecard user not happy , so im giving you 3/5 bcuz of this .
good great greatest very good nice decent adjusting
bit complicated in adding routines .. i did n't understood
im sure the pro version is great but it did n't keep my interest long enough
i am so confused
it is useful but not the perfect
has potential but i need it for the programer which costs money
there 's a bug preventing me to add names on tags please fix this
no japanese support : (
not enough customatization
it does n't ring or do any sign to remind me about my work
i liked it , nic one . thanks !
not really the app that i was looking for but ok
give me the best observation time ...
it does not remind us so i deleted this app
gets me moving when i get a reminder
how to view statistics ?
it hard to use
not too bad
im so confused with this app
its serves a purpose
hmm , i just do n't like it
no reminder tone else 5 star
a really good app but since the new update the interface look so bad , was so much cuter and clean before now it 's weird
i have tried various time organizing apps and this one is best till now .
this is a very cool app , and thus have the ratings . how ever it will be nice if you can add the functionality of sharing task or even with other users . this will make it the all in one project/task manager . review update : previously , i was able to pick custom tags when setting a new event , but now i ca n't and i have to pick a color and look for the same icon each time i want to create a new event . this is counter productive as the main aim of the app is to help optimize time . please fix this
good
good
critical
some features are to be paid .
great concept
nice app
i love this app . i would really love an option to check off or mark that a task was complete .
lebih suka tampilan aplikasi yang lama , karena lebih mudah digunakan & diatur daripada harus terus scroll ke bawah untuk melihat hari berikutnya .
good app and nice after the latest update
it 's okay
good app .
really do n't like that they changed the empty time slots back to the way they were ( whenever you delete an activity the activity gets replaced with an empty block separate from the empty blocks before or after it ) , i find it to be extremely unnecessary . but the new feature of increasing or decreasing an activity in 1 , 5 or 15 minute chunks is great , and the programmer feature works well as always , particularly good for planning out studies and work .
i do n't like the new update . it 's very confusing . i ca n't use it anymore : (
hell
could be a lot better . i wish we were able to check off items in our routine as we finish them so we can move on to the next task . i would also like to see a timer associated with the routines so we can see if we are falling behind or are ahead of the time we have budgeted . i have my morning routine , but it has multiple tasks within it . if we were able to condense my tasks into the routine , it would make things look more organized . all in all a very good app if you want to stay organized , but i do n't think i would n't use this app until the mentioned points are added . if these all exist already , please let me know- because i could n't figure out how to get to them
i like this app i really do . however one caveat i feel is that it can only sync to a gmail or the native phones calendar . outlook calendars are not supported as far as i can tell . so for me , i work with outlook , thus any meetings etc cant be viewed seamlessly with respect to a current timeline plan .
it 's well put together . but the timer functionality does n't really belong , the controls are unintuitive and they have an arbitrary 5min minimum which ruined the use-case i was going to use it for .
there is one problem that not notified me accurate time it 's 5 to 10 minutes after wake me up why i do n't know please help me regarding this
app is good but have some bugs ..... notification changes automatically to default after some time
i loved this app when i used it 2 years ago but can i no longer log in ?
it is ok but maby it could be a bit more clear
it 's a good time planner/controller ...
nice app
please also add the option to import few activities from any day instead of the whole day onto timeline of a routine . further please add the feature of allowing a to start a routine custom routine using time interval instead of defining exact time , because on some bad days due to unavoidable circumstances we are out of schedule and adding a fresh custom timetable for the day hurts a lot modifying timings for every activity . for rest of its features it worth 5 * * * * * .
idk wht hppen but every time i open the app it stated tht the app hs been blocked by system .. idk y .. btw im using oppo f1s
it would help me a lot if it could silence the notification from other apps when i 'm studying
i liked its features . these are well thought through . if i could go back in timeline , it would have been better .
not for me
gd
amazing app
it 's okay application however it is not that practical . reason is more often than not i have some event i 'd like to add and shift around my routine . this is not possible at the moment ( using programmer for 2 out of 3 days is meticulous just so i can add 1 event ) . it would be good to have the ability to move and split routine items with events . in essence make programmer less of a hustle , and more natural and quick to use .
the app is really neat . it would be great if there was the option to pause timers !
reminder sometime not working , so i must restart the reminder . please fix it
must have this app
well done
i like this app : thumbs_up : but my routine wo n't work and notifications wo n't make sounds and not appear on screen ...
would love to be able to add daily reminders qith ease
quite good but also need some improvement
great but basic in design and you cant not preview things such as sound . its basic to use but some features are a little annoying like all the tags in one place . id like the option to categorise .
paid the 2.99 for the calendar sync as i really needed that and found that it did n't work . however they quickly refunded my money and the issue may have been with the compatibility of my phone .
im facing an issue please.i have subscribed to your pro version and paid money google play.unfortunately im still an free user .the money debited from the bank.can you please help me ?
the user interfaceis not good enough . it is not that much understandable
widget sering ngadat dan ndak update dengan hari dan jamnya . butuhnya pasang widget agar terupdate tapi seringnya malah gak cocok dengan waktunya . notifikasinya pun sering g muncul .
i guess i am wanting the routines to have synched my calendar and not my timeline ... it is not clear how to keep track of my performance ? i am going to have to enter everything thing in my calendar into the routines bin ? ?
it seems to be improved and noted no option to delete routines and need to go all the days and delete ...
reminder notification tone is very low in volume
great app for arranging schedules and activities . easy tool to teach u good productivity .
there are a lot of really cool feature with this app , but i stopped using it almost as soon as i started because of one key missing feature - the calendar view . it 's weird to me that a planner app does n't have a calendar view . it has a calendar sync option if you pay for it , but i 'm not going to buy it only to find out that is not what i want . could also be greatly improved if it included tasks and projects . really awesome functionality , but missing some core essentials for me
i really like the idea but needs more updating . i move around a lot so i 'd need it to update the routines and timelines with my current time zone . or at least make it an option . ill check back in . few and see how it 's progressing : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
hard to use edit : after your polite replay i edited my review from one star to 3 stars still find it hard to use .. good app do n't require to read a manual to use it . it should be user friendly and clear thanks any way
you can not check off when you have finished a task in your routine . : neutral_face : also a tad confusing . tags are cute .
great app but as someone else mentioned there 's no calendar view which for me makes it pointless . real shame . the search goes on ...
apparently i rated this app one star this time last year but i do n't remember what the issue was so whatever you guys did up to now with improving the app is good . unfortunately i 'm heavily dependent on having a calendar view ( not google calendar integration but rather an option to display days via calendar ) so until it 's put into the app i will be uninstalling and standing by for the update .
i update to latest version and notification sound wo n't stop . i saw in log its already fixed so i try to reinstall couple of times but still the same . i 'm not always around or have the phone on my hand all the time to make it stop . considering to download older version instead
i have set up notifications on my activities to pop up before one minute of another activity , but it never works , i do n't get any reminders or notifications before my activity.please fix it .
no snooze option for reminders . this causes some task misses . please look at the app `` to do reminder with alarm '' for reminder buzz types and options . it would be good if these features are added in future .
i do n't know why but there are n't any notifications .. it never shows anything let it be reminder or routine
music does n't play as notification of reminder ... hate it i had skipped my one routine ..
does n't seem to alarm on notification . you give it an alarm go back to it and it says no alarm set
routine maker is amazing .. , but notifications are not coming when the phone is in lock mode . so , i uninstalled it .
just started using it , a little triki to configure at first .
its okay for a plan in a phone
it didnt sync with the widget . overall it great app
too much complex
very litle one
i think its a nice app . a nice initiative
the notification nor alarm wo n't work .
no signup option ... ?
cloning is not working notification not accurate
my routine is not repeating
it 's not bad
great
the app is glitchy . notification alarms fail . i have to frequently update the time in the app . it often shows wrong timing . these issues prevent a 5 star rating
i really liked the reply from the app and i cleared the problem witj the persistent notification and thank you time tune .. plz if possible include a checklist option for routine which will be even more helpful thank you ! !
all i needed is calendar that has a loud reminder alarm system such that one 's event can not be skipped even if u slept off . but most unfortunately ur reminder only bips once a small sound that one will easily miss even while holding the phone , almost no sound at all . pls could it be settings issue or what ? i need solution pls that i may come back n give u 5 * . i use camon cx
i paid for the pro version after playing with the app for a few minutes . was hoping to use this to help manage my adhd but i have two big issues with the app 1 ) i ca n't find a way to edit routines after they 've already been created without deleting the whole day . i do n't think there is . 2 ) after i clear a day , the app shuts down . i can deal with the second issue until an update but i do n't think i would have purchased the upgraded version if i would have been aware of the first issue . still , three stars because other than the glitch & missing feature the app does exactly what it says it will .
it still wo n't stop ringing and i tried to change the tone and it would n't do that either . this is after the update
timeline keeps ignoring certain tasks and hardly ever actually notifies me . good if i 'm keeping an eye on it .
widget stuck after some time and not updating according to app untill we lauch app why plz fix it
nice app
i love this app . only issue is there is no check mark to check if you completed something . of course in a perfect world we get it all done and do n't forget but for those not so perfect people i wish there was a way to check off what you finished for the day
events imported from synced calendars really need to be seen in the events tab ! also should be able to view timeline for an arbitrary future date . if they fix this , the app will be great .
i have tried various time organizing apps and this one is best till now .
a really good app but since the new update the interface look so bad , was so much cuter and clean before now it 's weird
i 'm still trying it out but so far it has helped a lot . one would not waste time if they have this app in hand .
this is a decent time managment app . the ability to create routines is handy , though it doesnt warn you or show if activities are overlapping . the most recent update ( as of 3/30/2020 ) made the app look much cleaner , which is nice . i would like to see more personalization options t'wards the look af the tags and app . choices now are very slim . the $ 5 price tag for the pro version does n't feel worth it ( yes , buyer 's remorse ) , so if you can manage fine with the free version , stick with that .
i am so confused
notification sound does not work now , before it does .
the app was awesome but it stopped working in a week . i 'm not able to add any routine now .
it 's usefull - but would be much nicer if there was an option to play a notification tone just once instead of repeating it continuously .
i bought the premium version because the app said this would allow me to create routines for a bunch of specific dates but i can not find this feature ? i 'm a casual worker and my routines are based around different morning , afternoon and night shifts that do n't fall on any usual days of the week .
hi . thanks for responding and i 'll be more specific : please bring back the pretty orange background for the top bar and each of the routines . the current color is too pale .
when i tried to load in my own alarm sound , it would n't let me .
i was using journal but ca n't write much until my hand gets better so i was looking for the app to plan my day preciously by time . thought time line of this app would work , like all the icon and pre-made taps . but disappointed that i can not use those icons by itself for my event unless you creat another `` routine '' if dev 's can modify the app that makes all those taps can be added to timeline by itself with my own time not only as events or routine , that would be perfect ! thanks
i really like this app . but i stopped using it because it 's too hard to type out my entire routine on the app . i wish it was windows compatible .
pretty good , could be better
this is a very cool app , and thus have the ratings . how ever it will be nice if you can add the functionality of sharing task or even with other users . this will make it the all in one project/task manager . review update : previously , i was able to pick custom tags when setting a new event , but now i ca n't and i have to pick a color and look for the same icon each time i want to create a new event . this is counter productive as the main aim of the app is to help optimize time . please fix this
tried this app for a bit . the logic is very different from what i need , so the experience was n't good . this app focuses on routines and is built around this concept . it was very confusing at first ( because it started with abstract ideas , not what average joe is already familiar with ; e.g . calendar/timeline ) and the entire experience just felt awkward . for me , all i want is , see the day/week/month , add to-do items one by one , and be able to turn any of these items into routines when i want to .
difficult to use and does n't show name of activity only when i click on it
i like the ideas of the app . however the biggest inconvience for me is when something happens that disrupts my routines . there does n't seem to be anyway to change the routine for one day with out changing it for every day in the futurs as well . it is annoying to have to manualy change a routine and then have to change it back the next day . i would like to see an option to edit or rearrage single intances of items in the time line without effecting the base routine or future dates .
stupid decision to remove timer .
it 's ok but i wish i could move activities around in a routine instead of having to manually change the time one by one e.g . if i have yoga 9-10 then study 10-12 and want to swap them i ca n't just move around the blocks i have to delete study , change the time of yoga then add study with the new time . it 's time consuming and not practical . would also be good to be able to change settings of a routine e.g . from 4 days to 2 instead of deleting the entire routine and start over
i sadly had to uninstall this app as tgere was no general opt-out option for direct marketing activity . i could opt out of seeing personalised ads on this app i couldnt opt of my data being collected and combined with other sources and shared by all of their many advertising partners , which for an app like this is just too invasive . very saddened , as the app does look really good .
i used to use this app to set intervals of when i would check in to games i was playing , but since they removed the timer feature for some reason , the scheduling stuff does n't suit my purposes . still , the app should be able to help you maintain a schedule just fine , but most phones have that feature built in .
really like this app but wish i could see my whole calendar or at least have the option to search for a specific date . that would make it perfect as i want to use it as my go to planner .
good
manca solo una visualizzazione in prospettiva degli eventi , che faccia capire bene quanto tempo occupano
love the app ... bt still some feature like temporary modification if somebody is late then adjustment is required and please add tasker integration for advance options if you can ... people will ready to pay for tasker plugin support also
my original review seems to have disappeared . i have an issue on my galaxy note s8 where i ca n't turn off the alarms without uninstalling . i received a response from support , but could n't respond directly . their response was simply that i should be able to swipe the notification and the sound go away . yes , i agree , that should happen . however , that is n't what happens . there is no notification from the app for the alarm . i receive other notifications from the app . running out of room to explain .
routine module and programming is nice . any plans to make it a tracker app - log if the schedule event is accomplished completely , partially or not accomplished .. ? for example - drinking water few times a day . exercising 1hr per day .
i love the app . great concept . but the thing is you cant use it or it wont notify you , not unless you open the app . once you close the background it will lost .
there 's a lot to be improved .. hope this app to get better with the time
good but very confusing it was good if i knew how to use it . the whole set up was very confusing and hard to understand , i really hope in the future it becomes simpler
great ui . the idea is great but need a way to mark tasks/routine item as complete . and so , we ca n't even know our progress . guess the use case itself is completely different .
good
i think the app should request permission over other apps or if possible have it as a widget . it keeps getting inactive when removed from recent files tab of the phone .
it does n't ring or do any sign to remind me about my work
when you start to reschedule things , the interface is very awkward moving times around . for example , moving everything forward or backward on the schedule is very un intuitive
it 's really confusing ! its hadd to make routines and stuff . just over all really confusing . but over great way to track routines . i love the tag idea . mabey you should add a default school tag ?
this app stops the alarm i set after the while and then . this is the 3rd time this has happened . otherwise it 's the best .
not enough customatization
its serves a purpose
i think the app is satisfaying my will . but the pro version keeps a non-ecard user not happy , so im giving you 3/5 bcuz of this .
has potential but the interface isnt user friendly at all
this is app is perfect just need a checklist and daily , weekly and monthly tracker for each task ... had it been have all these , i would have given all 5 stars ! you know sometimes we miss ( or intentionally ignore ) reminders and we need trackers for those for self development !
hmm , i just do n't like it
critical
how different it is from google calendar ? your idea is good and interesting , i am a knd of person who try following this .
it 's ok
notification does not sound . pls develop ......... why can not be set for 6 days in a routine week ... ? please like this
it 's really only useful if you are doing recurring tasks at the same time , on the same days , etc . i set up a lot of tags ( categories ) but they can only be applied to the routines , not events or reminders . i was also not able to copy/duplicate events , which would have allowed me to reuse the same tasks at different times or days without setting up a brand new event . disappointed in the app 's scheduling capabilities .
this app is great if you know how to use it ... i downloaded it and it just does n't work for me it says it 's a routine app but it does n't really let you put your whole routine it only let 's you put one reminder at a time .
good great greatest very good nice decent adjusting
it does the job i wanted , that is to ring alarm at the set time . however i am unable to clear the timeline ! that is old ones . could n't get much help from their help center
it does not remind us so i deleted this app
not really the app that i was looking for but ok
not bad but not great . pros : 3rd party calendar sync , time line view , icons & colour options to customise . cons : ca n't sync devices , no task list or tick box . more options needed such as daily time line view , font size & highlight current day . editing is n't easy & i think the whole app including widget could have a neater , tidier look . overall it 's not very intuitive , needs more options & flexibity . it has some way to go . i 've got premium btw .
while it has helped me be more productive , recently the notification settings are bugging out . when i tap on 'add notification ' , and select a louder notification ( for when i wake up ) and press done , i find out sooner or later than it had reset it to the `` opener '' ( my default notification sound that is quiter ) . this has caused me great annoyance because of this and do not know why this app decided to bug out !
it would be better if there is an option in which we are able to check whether we really followed time table or not .
for 2.6.1 : timetune background task error keep persists due to : screen is off , battery saver , powered off . you can also add new features : `` refresh background tasks when accessing app '' toggle switch , it refreshes everytime when they accessing the app even background tasks blocked by system
nice app but after enabling it , whenever i tried to open clock from taskbar this aap gets open instead , which i do n't what
one problem with this app is it stops and also notification also hide and ask for refresh and troubleshooting then it again start show every time i have to open the app and refresh then it start working this must be solve
i would 've given it full cuz its an amazing app and i would recommend it but the down is that it takes too long to set a schedule otherwise it is an awesome app .
gets me moving when i get a reminder
this app has a lot of potential , but a few things could be added , and tweaked . i recommend adding a calender , and more icon options .
the problem is the phone is not ringing even though ring is turned on . output is given alarm volume . yet its not ringing ..
im so confused with this app
first i was using this app but when i downloaded it after a long time then strange problems occured such as the routines remainder are not coming although it 's option is on ... also when i login back then a caption stating `` no authorisation provided to app '' is flashed ... please tell me how to resolve it
some features are to be paid .
nice app
no reminder tone else 5 star
this app is useful . but . it would be so much more useful if you could set a routine to be repeated every weekday/ weekend day/ week/2week/4week/month/etc . it is badly in need of this feature . i thought buying pro would allow me to do this and it has n't helped at all and i 'm disappointed i spent the money . please say that it is an upcoming feature . resetting routines for every day is really inconvenient !
great concept
ui can be improved . more rounded corners instead of hard corners . it makes the app look more modern . ( my opinion )
bit complicated in adding routines .. i did n't understood
the layout for the app is awesome . but it would be better if non-routine task can be added into the timeline with the same activity for routine task .
the app is good , but it would be better if it had a timeline ( please do something about that )
app is good . but i want to suggest something > there should be to do list type of feature , that is what sort of things we are doing regularly from our routine will be selected and those which left undone will be not selected . in this way more clear picture of time allotment and productivity can be seen .
it 's a great app , but i can not depends on it , because sometimes it is not working well , i have to refresh background task
this is so complicated it took me awhile to to figure all the stuff . i would suggest add some tutorial on youtube so anyone can get used to it . and the app is solid and will think about purchasing the pro version .
just tested the pro version . needs to be more stable . sometimes my work starts at 12 am ? ? and it does n't sync with my google calendar . widget needs to be fine tuned . not quite satisfied so 3 stars .
i love this app so far but the notifications are not really working for me
not practical
the app is overall good , just bought the upgraded version since i wanted to sync the google calender . i still can not sync the google calender into the calender and also would like to know if sync the 'routine ' from timetune into the google calender is possible ? thanks !
its a good way to manage your time , but after a while the timeline menu bugs out and stops sending notifications . besides that the app is very good .
good app !
its good . i like the little picture icons . i wish for 2 things : that you can share as a jpg file and not a txt file to email . and that the length of the boxes represented the amount of time used . for example : snack time would be a short box . sleep would be a long box . thanks !
i love this app . i would really love an option to check off or mark that a task was complete .
hi , please provide accepted , pending , decline tags on rutine notifications of activites and also show day progress for these tags or activites in app . i think it will `` force the mind '' to follow daily schedule .
i bought the pro version in hope i can organize my time to do my tasks , but the progrmer just disables the routine , that 's all ! ! ! ! really ? ! ! ! the other thing i did n't like was to set a routine for a reoccurring like school or sleep i had to set it for every single day , one by one ! ! ! you could have add a reapet feature to it . i 'm not happy i wish i could get my money back !
not too bad
great potential , but i ca n't use the app to its full extent due to its counter-intuitive layout . just filling two days in routine view turned it into an endless scroll . shame , the app really looked like what i was looking for . reply : thanks for taking my review into account . yes , i think a horisontal orientation would be much better . maybe leave both options ? that way everyone can decide what best suits them .
really do n't like that they changed the empty time slots back to the way they were ( whenever you delete an activity the activity gets replaced with an empty block separate from the empty blocks before or after it ) , i find it to be extremely unnecessary . but the new feature of increasing or decreasing an activity in 1 , 5 or 15 minute chunks is great , and the programmer feature works well as always , particularly good for planning out studies and work .
it is useful but not the perfect
the concept is quite elligant yet also hard and confusing to understand . it would be eaier if there was a calendar setting and/or addition to help the user plan along with a timeline .
this is good but , you need to update : where we can sync on our desktop or another phone via google or else .
it seems very nice , the inferface can just get pretty overwhelming to look can .
i like this app , but in the world of time/schedule management you have to be multi-platform . i would recommend that your next step in development is a web interface as the majority of a professionals day is spent on a pc or laptop .
im sure the pro version is great but it did n't keep my interest long enough
i used to love this app ..... but now it has been ruined ..... made things more complicated and v ca n't assign according to days of week ....
it does not play ring tone on my mobile .
it 's not clear how much it cost the premium account . also , every time i try to go premium i get a message saying `` the in-app billing are not available on this device '' . i 've always do in-app purchasing and it was the first time that i got this issue . really disappointed .
how to view statistics ?
it 's simple and easy to use but notification often does n't work about 10 times a day .
no japanese support : (
i think the old version is better than the latest version . hope that there is an option to choose between the horizantal or vertical interface . the shifting of days from left/right is easier than the new one . i barely use the app since the change of interface . ive been using this for a very long time and it was really helpful .
nice i really like this app this is very nice app to remind me our daily routine and save our time
it does n't sound for notification even i had set every options like alarm tone , vibrate etc ..... plz reply
lebih suka tampilan aplikasi yang lama , karena lebih mudah digunakan & diatur daripada harus terus scroll ke bawah untuk melihat hari berikutnya .
i have purchased pro version but still no calendar view . please add calendar view beside the timeline view
there 's a bug preventing me to add names on tags please fix this
looks promising . would like to see : routine sharing/sync ( some routines you have to do with your wife ) , marking activity as done , have tags on timers and have more analytics on the actual timeline data ( not routines ) . i personally would pay a premium for these features .
good app .
has potential but i need it for the programer which costs money
it seems like a really nice app . but some functionality is broken . when i add routine delete few items , it merges in wrong way so some days become small while others have 34 hours
needs an in-app guide to make the user understand how it works . update : i really appreciate you responding and working on it . thanks
i think you need to improve the ui ... and the ui names . its really confusing .
it 's okay
give me the best observation time ...
please ! ! : sad_but_relieved_face : ... bring back the old ui for routine edits with horizontal stripes ... please ) ) . or at least give the option to select a preference . please , thanks ... it makes it more editing a little more difficult and much less appealing ... please : crying_face :
nicely ....
the program is really awesome but i 'm using the oppo f7 and it does n't do any notification i followed a guide but it did n't help that 's the programs only problem
edit : you have to buy the pro version if you want to sync your calendar , which to me is an essential component of a time planning app ...
timer not working when screen locked .
loved it initially but after a while the notifications would stop showing up and i was constantly having to refresh background tasks ; too much for me to use often .
new version of time tune is difficult to use please upgrade it
good but doesnt make me go do habits bcz no pressure just notif .
good
good app and nice after the latest update
i used to have 5 stars , but then the layout changed and i find it incredibly difficult to organise . i 'll go so far as saying i hate it , it 's just soo much . i want to have a separate view for each day not an endless scroll like some facebook timeline .
i liked it , nic one . thanks !
pros : i like the layout . i like the ease of entering tasks . i like the widget . cons : no check off when complete . no accountability tracking . it just did n't help at all with keeping me on task .
i have been using this app for about a year now without any issues , so i 'm definitely not fond of the new routines menu . i find that swiping from side to side for the days to be much easier and having the drag and drop feature to be more comfortable ( hope it will be implemented again soon ) . also the fact that you ca n't move a blank time frame up and down makes it difficult to set up the routine . as i have to change the time of every item to move it down . i would prefer the old version , hopefully it all gets fixed soon .
hell
decent app , but i was having issues with scheduling my week with it . any time i tried to m-f ( day schedule ) it repeated the same schedule perpetually , even on the weekends , regardless of setting day limits or time constraints . will check back on this one . ( might be my device thats the issue idk ) gui was clean and simple , and you can set specific alarm sounds .
it hard to use
i do n't like the new update . it 's very confusing . i ca n't use it anymore : (
i like the new `` jump day '' , and `` insert gap '' options , and the advice/delay dialog for multiple activities . the undo feature is a great addition as well . i 'm really disappointed with the new look and that vertical scrolling through . makes it so much harder to use - it 's easier to start changing the wrong day since the current activity is not highlighted in any way , and starting time is not that clear as before . also , those activity/free time blocks take too much space , yet there is not enough space horizontally for the text and a lot of the additional tags are n't visible . i 'd prefer a more compact look . it would take a lot of time getting used to this ...
app is overall amazing only thing that i was missing that there is not any feature for prioritising the activities . hope the developers will add it soon .
it would be nice if there was a warning what certain buttons do . i was trying to figure out how to change the day from day one , clicked clear day , and it erased my entire schedule . it should say clear routine if that 's what it does . i 'm a little pissed as i just paid for the app so i can make a schedule . still unsure of how to do what i need .
just add 'to do list ' feature . highly recommend .
please also add the option to import few activities from any day instead of the whole day onto timeline of a routine . further please add the feature of allowing a to start a routine custom routine using time interval instead of defining exact time , because on some bad days due to unavoidable circumstances we are out of schedule and adding a fresh custom timetable for the day hurts a lot modifying timings for every activity . for rest of its features it worth 5 * * * * * .
i like this app i really do . however one caveat i feel is that it can only sync to a gmail or the native phones calendar . outlook calendars are not supported as far as i can tell . so for me , i work with outlook , thus any meetings etc cant be viewed seamlessly with respect to a current timeline plan .
if there is some problem ... regarding some phones than you must overcome that ... rest of all things application is great .
could be a lot better . i wish we were able to check off items in our routine as we finish them so we can move on to the next task . i would also like to see a timer associated with the routines so we can see if we are falling behind or are ahead of the time we have budgeted . i have my morning routine , but it has multiple tasks within it . if we were able to condense my tasks into the routine , it would make things look more organized . all in all a very good app if you want to stay organized , but i do n't think i would n't use this app until the mentioned points are added . if these all exist already , please let me know- because i could n't figure out how to get to them
it is ok but maby it could be a bit more clear
it would help me a lot if it could silence the notification from other apps when i 'm studying
it 's well put together . but the timer functionality does n't really belong , the controls are unintuitive and they have an arbitrary 5min minimum which ruined the use-case i was going to use it for .
there is one problem that not notified me accurate time it 's 5 to 10 minutes after wake me up why i do n't know please help me regarding this
i loved this app when i used it 2 years ago but can i no longer log in ?
app is good but have some bugs ..... notification changes automatically to default after some time
no actually i do have a sony xperia phone and time tune does n't ring on time and it only runs when i open my phone .. i mean how to activate notification when it 's also off
tnx
nice app
it 's a good time planner/controller ...
gd
it 's super
i liked its features . these are well thought through . if i could go back in timeline , it would have been better .
really
amazing app
i luv it
idk wht hppen but every time i open the app it stated tht the app hs been blocked by system .. idk y .. btw im using oppo f1s
not for me
it 's okay application however it is not that practical . reason is more often than not i have some event i 'd like to add and shift around my routine . this is not possible at the moment ( using programmer for 2 out of 3 days is meticulous just so i can add 1 event ) . it would be good to have the ability to move and split routine items with events . in essence make programmer less of a hustle , and more natural and quick to use .
reminder sometime not working , so i must restart the reminder . please fix it
must have this app
well done
the app is really neat . it would be great if there was the option to pause timers !
i like this app : thumbs_up : but my routine wo n't work and notifications wo n't make sounds and not appear on screen ...
quite good but also need some improvement
would love to be able to add daily reminders qith ease
paid the 2.99 for the calendar sync as i really needed that and found that it did n't work . however they quickly refunded my money and the issue may have been with the compatibility of my phone .
im facing an issue please.i have subscribed to your pro version and paid money google play.unfortunately im still an free user .the money debited from the bank.can you please help me ?
good lord ... you have to set every little detail of every single thing ( to get any sort of good results i mean ) . it feels so unintuitive to have over 25 `` taps and tweaks '' you have to perform for every single item you enter into this . plus having something you need to do that 's instant ( like a social media post ) has to have a `` start and end time '' and wo n't let you enter anything less than 5 minutes hahah are you kidding me ? at this rate it would take me longer to organize my schedule than to just do everything the unorganized way . i 'm using an app called time planner instead which is still pretty lengthy to set up but much more intuitive
it seems to be improved and noted no option to delete routines and need to go all the days and delete ...
can not use custom rutin name
reminder notification tone is very low in volume
great app for arranging schedules and activities . easy tool to teach u good productivity .
the user interfaceis not good enough . it is not that much understandable
widget sering ngadat dan ndak update dengan hari dan jamnya . butuhnya pasang widget agar terupdate tapi seringnya malah gak cocok dengan waktunya . notifikasinya pun sering g muncul .
i guess i am wanting the routines to have synched my calendar and not my timeline ... it is not clear how to keep track of my performance ? i am going to have to enter everything thing in my calendar into the routines bin ? ?
great but basic in design and you cant not preview things such as sound . its basic to use but some features are a little annoying like all the tags in one place . id like the option to categorise .
apparently i rated this app one star this time last year but i do n't remember what the issue was so whatever you guys did up to now with improving the app is good . unfortunately i 'm heavily dependent on having a calendar view ( not google calendar integration but rather an option to display days via calendar ) so until it 's put into the app i will be uninstalling and standing by for the update .
no signup option ... ?
music does n't play as notification of reminder ... hate it i had skipped my one routine ..
no snooze option for reminders . this causes some task misses . please look at the app `` to do reminder with alarm '' for reminder buzz types and options . it would be good if these features are added in future .
i think its a nice app . a nice initiative
in the widget , why making the timeline of the whole week ? ! .. i think it will be more better if it is updated day by day .. but overall i like this app : red_heart :
it didnt sync with the widget . overall it great app
i do n't know why but there are n't any notifications .. it never shows anything let it be reminder or routine
it 's good to manage our time , but why all event and riminder has done not delete automatically ?
great app but as someone else mentioned there 's no calendar view which for me makes it pointless . real shame . the search goes on ...
one with a calendar view would be helpful
the notification nor alarm wo n't work .
its okay for a plan in a phone
i update to latest version and notification sound wo n't stop . i saw in log its already fixed so i try to reinstall couple of times but still the same . i 'm not always around or have the phone on my hand all the time to make it stop . considering to download older version instead
nice app .. want tothank bro who created this .
you can not check off when you have finished a task in your routine . : neutral_face : also a tad confusing . tags are cute .
design is awesome but app should notify even if it 's not running in background
very litle one
hard to use edit : after your polite replay i edited my review from one star to 3 stars still find it hard to use .. good app do n't require to read a manual to use it . it should be user friendly and clear thanks any way
routine maker is amazing .. , but notifications are not coming when the phone is in lock mode . so , i uninstalled it .
i love this app and the idea behind it with the weekly and daily routines . i wish i could view my month or week at a glance however so i can see my weekly routine and how my non reoccurring events affect and lay out with my routine .
great app to plan out your weekly schedule , especially for a college student . however i wish it would show the amount of time being spent on each activity on the widget . it shows it when you go into the app but that 's less convenient and helpful if you want to do a quick check to see how much time you have for today 's lunch break .
great app , very easy to schedule . i think it would be great if there is a button from the notification panel that allows muting of all events for the rest of the day . another feature could be the user can push forward or backwards the whole timetable ( or pushing forward the event and shortening another ) from the popup for unexpected event that delays everything
this app is great so far . but i wish there was an option to select several days at a time for each routine .. if there is already pls let me know .
its a good app but i dont understand how in the picture they got their timeline like all their routines all my one has is the days of the week and to make a routine you only get two additonal tags im confused how did they get so many ?
nice app it helps a lot to save time . you will understand where you used more time and where you should spend more time .
a great app but i miss a overview of week activity 's , the app get confusing to use after adding some tasks
easy to use and very useful especially spending lots of time at home at the moment
fine app . would be perfect to have desktop web version also , to make adding routine much easier .
make some more widgets , rest all app is nice and user-friendly
good app and really helpful with time management and staying organized
it 's simply the best for time allocation to activities and routines .
very easy to use plus best time route app available
update : this app is great ! but i 'm currently not using it . i 'm not using it because the widget colors do n't work for me . i 'd like there to be different colored backgrounds and text colors for past vs current vs future activities . i want to see at a glance what i ought to be doing at that moment , without opening the app . i 'm keeping the app installed , in the hopes that the widget will be improved . thanks , dev !
i have found this app helps me stick to my daily schedule .
i 'm liking it so far . it 's a very customizable experience , and i can really get into the details without the interface being too complex . i would like to see more widget options for the ap on the home screen . i like to see my schedule and routine the moment i open my phone . while there is a widget , it 's rather lack luster . synced with the programming , i think it would be cool if they had a calendar widget available .
i like this app because it 's better than another app i found and is really good at reminding me to stick to schedule . but i gave it four stars because even though i have n't had any issue with this yet , it does have in app purchases wich i do n't think are needed here . but overall if you need to plan a day or routine , use this app .
love this app . helps me a lot !
nice app ! super helpful to plan anything , recommend it . however , it would be nice if you could at a to-do list function ? that way i could tick off the things i need to complete for one time only , such as homework . good work tho !
rarely ( read never ) do i write reviews but this app has been transformative for my life and productivity in general . the only issue i sometimes have is the custom song i apply to notifications doesnt always play
this is my favorite daily schedule app ! it is so simple to use and super versatile . i paid for the pro version just so i could do everything and it was well worth it !
i 'm struggling to see the use of routines and programmes right now . but the other features are really useful . would love the option for a task 's or to do list !
i love this app and i definitely recommend , just sad that the timer wont be available in the app anymore , it was very useful
i really love this app but notifications are not working at all even after i allow all the permissions . so i 'm not able to use this app .
very useful , but a feature to postpone events more easily would be nice .
very nice app for maintaining our schedule ... need to improve sechudule reminder , not working properly ..
could you allow me to add activities on my timeline because my routine and plan is always changing and can not be limited to a fixed routine . i use this as a daily planner to plan out my full days and weeks ahead of time so it would be good if i can add activities far ahead of time .
i 'd like to see an option to mark parts of my routine as complete .
for god sake change the default color this red is burning my eyes
have re-defined my routines and activities . working well .
i really love timetune in helping me better utilize my time , see where it is all going and plan routine tasks so that i can stay on top of my busy life . the only thing missing for me is the ability to tick things as completed and cross if not done . i 'd love to be able to analyze my routine to see what worked well and what i struggled to acheive . i find it rewarding and motivating being able to check things off as done .
it has a button just for what i need ... i bit hard to read the scheds though
good and helpful but the notification alarm does not snoozes automatically . the notification stays on the notification bar until not removed . pls keep a limit till after which it should snooze .
excellent app ! ! i use it every day . i 've got a few small requests though , if possible ! another app i tried had the option to drag & drop timelines to reschedule times , e.g . make things a little shorter or longer . it 's not an absolute necessity , but i find it a little clunky having to edit each event in turn , although i do love the `` add this gap to previous/next activity '' option . also , not a necessity but would be a nice touch - i 'd love to be able to reorder my routines . could n't figure out why they were all in a funny order , but it arranges them alphabetically , and since i make a routine for each day of the week , they were all very jumbled up . i 've solved it for now by adding numbers to the start of each name , but again , just slightly clunky . as for the rest , i absolutely adore it . love the persistent notification ; each time i pick my phone up absentmindedly to check my notifications , i see what i 'm meant to be doing , and it gets me back on track . thank you ! !
i like all the scheduling possibilities and tools . i 'm giving it 4 stars because the alarm i have set thru the app ca n't be turned off . i had to uninstall it , just to get it to turn off . very annoying .
great app ! the app offers very interesting and unique features as well . but there is only one problem for people like myself . i spend most of my time doing some work on my laptop , and i try as much as i can to ignore my cellphone whilst working . if only i could manipulate and change my schedule in timetune accordingly on my laptop or pc it would be perfect .
good app but it needs more work . i gave it four stars because its missing a premium selection , that is an overview of your activities so one can see total time spent on what . this could be in a form of a pie , bar , or line chart . you can include all so we have a choice . with this anyone can now keep track of time spent on a daily activity and limit time spent on said activity . so far good work work guys .
my own structuring of little tasks and routines improves with this app . i really like the app , but i would also like it on my laptop . it would be great if you developed an option to install and use it on both devices , as i do n't always have my phone on me while working . or did i miss something ? it does n't allow me to install the app on my laptop , it only shows that it is already installed on my phone . looking forward to your response . thanks in advance !
i really like this app to establish a new routine . i strongly rely on my calendar at work but setting it up for routines outside of work is tedious . at first it takes a moment to understand how repeating activities are set up but now it 's a great tool ! feature suggestion : it would be also really great if you could include a habit tracker into the same app .
it 's a good app and being able to route alerts through different sound channels is a great idea . i 've found a bug though and could n't find a way to contact you about it besides here : it 's daylight savings today and while timetune has the correct time , for some reason it has pushed forward all my events by one hour . so an event which says it is happening at 6:30 is now on my timeline as 7:30. hopefully its just for today .
i really like this app . the concept of blocking your times is great and i find it helps me structure my time really well . it 's also a load off of my mind knowing that i do n't need to think about when to eat or what time to check my email because i am at ease knowing it 's all planned for and i will be informed accordingly . my only disappointment , with the service and not the app , is that i am unable to structure my timeline online on a pc . i think there are limitations of the mobile device that makes the scheduling somewhat confusing . i think it will be perfect to incorporate a way to set up your schedule on a nice large screen and use your phone for viewing and notifications .
used to love this app , amazing ui , simple . definitely one of my favourite , and so helpful . this new ui thought , not for me ... too much clutter and scrolling ! tried to get used to it but its not for me , so it 's time to let it go . useful non the less , so try it , maybe it 's your thing ! edit : i do n't know how to answer so i 'll edit and hopefully it gets trough . if i can get something back , i would like the choice to go horizontal ( make it a choice on pro ) . a bunch of horizontal scrolls is not a problem if instead i have to do a bunch of vertical ones . looks less intuitive to me . and i can use the go-to option , but i kinda already could and never did . i liked to scroll horizontal , because i liked the view that it gave me , and the side comparison of days on same level .
this is the best time blocking app i 've found , but it still has some significant pain points . i wish there was a desktop version , since creating/updating blocks would be 5x faster with a keyboard , mouse , and large screen . editing would be faster too if blocks could temporarily overlap , and if routines were per day instead of per week .
i just tried this app and i am already compelled to buy the premium version . i think this app has many potential , please make more simple ui so that when we 're looking at timeline it does n't feel so cluttered . a minimal look will be so much better . look forward to more addition to the app and more great features .
great app and i want to import my calendar so that i can replace my calendar widget with it , but i cant buy the pro version . i tapped purchase once to see the price , then hit cancel in the google pay modal . now whenever i tap to buy it i get a modal saying that in app purchases are not enabled on this device . google play services is installed and works normally with other apps ( and worked fine the first time i tapped to buy ) .
well i like having an agenda where , if needed , i can be reminded of what i need to do . however , i am not liking how after 3-5 days of reminders , it just stops doing it and i have to go in in order to refresh . at this point a normal calendar app preinstalled would be better , since i can set it to remind me every day . could this be fixed ?
great for maintaining and keeping a routine . this is detailed enough to develop any kind of daily/weekly/monthly routine , and flexible enough to incorporate out-of-routine events and distractions if you use it right . it is a bit tedious for some people , ( that 's why the 4 stars ) but they can keep it simple and high-level if they like . but , if you really want to tame that beast called your work week , school agenda , or personal days like me , this will take care of it .
really helpful app . i 've looked at lots of other schedule apps , but this one is the easiest for me to customize precisely . great for making routines ! since a few of my routines overlap , it would be amazing if there were an option to see routine titles in the widget timeline above or before the task , in order to keep an overview of which/whose routine is in effect . both of my children have their own different weekly routines , so it would be nice to see on the timeline , that for example , it 's kid # 1 who has school on monday mornings and kid # 2 on monday afternoon instead of two `` time for school '' tasks with no specifics . it would also be great if this app could be accessible from my computer desktop or if i could sync with other family members .
after installing and uninstalling several other apps i finally found this one and it suits my needs the best . i like the appearance and all the features . there are two things i 'm missing however - subtasks and the possibility to tick off every single completed task or event for the specific day . this would make this app a perfect tool for me and i would n't mind to pay for it . as a busy mom battling depression i need a simple tool to help me to organise my day and week , and to remember my tasks .
i wish to buy the pro version and also encourage my friends and family to do the same but hope you can make some improvements to the app . the ui looks very minimal which is a vanilla android template for an app development . please make the ui a bit more appealing . we would have also like to do routines that are repeated in intervals of more than 15 days . present app does n't allow me to set a monthly routine . hope the icons can be more rich and appealing .
great so far , two requests for devs . i just started using timetune and i like it , has most options i was looking for to help my time management and utilize time blocking requests ; 1 : whole week view - i 'm looking for healthy rhythm and repetition in my weekly routine as an independent worker , difficult to visualize when i can only view one day . 2 : sharing - i 'd love to be able to share my routine with my wife through this app . perhaps two ways to share ; `` by whole routine , '' and `` by tag . ''
so far so good ! relatively easy to use . i was really hoping to be able to check off routine items when completed . trying to build up on habits . so it would be great to be able to track completed progress . calendar sync in pro verson went seamless ! however when i go to change a routine item because it conflicts with a calendar appointment , there is not option to just edit that one tuesday . its either all tuesdays or no tuesdays . it would be great to see date options & completed progress tracking
it 's the best app for organizing my days . but i have a little bug , when it 's running in the background i do n't get notification about my new activity and i have to refresh the background data to resolve this problem . it would be great if you could fix this little annoying bug .
would be perfect if : - you could update cloned activities , meaning if you changed one all of them would change too - you could check off the activities like a to do list ( it works as a reward system ) - you could scroll up in your timetable to see what you did that day/things you missed because it only shows everything from that point in time forwards . otherwise really love the design and layout , and it makes me super organised .
i like this app a lot . one thing that stops me from buying pro version is that i desparately need it to export routines to my google calendar ( now i think that it is just possible from google calendar to timetune ) . that is because the interface of timetune is much , much better than google calendar interface , and i need all my routines in google calendar in order to sync it with my google home speaker , so it can read it out loud every time i ask and remind me even without my phone .
good app does what you need it to do , a little light on instruction or where to find them as i know the app has more functionality , but do n't know without some digging where to find it , also would n't mind if the pro version had more features to entice people to buy it or if the free version had a few adds per day for the dev . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
this app is great but i have a problem . the timeline after a while says this app has been blocked by your system and its gives two options . 1 ) troubleshoot and 2 ) refresh background task . this ptoblem is occuring every time . the troubleshoot isnt helping me . i have a vivo phone . please help ! ! .
edit : i use comments to add reminders about what i 'm specifically planning to do to complete each task day by day , like grocery lists and assignment titles . i would really like to be able to add comments for just one cycle of the routine and have them disappear after the week restarts . i thought it might be useful to have this function on the timeline page rather than the routine edit screen , which seems to only be useful for permanent comments . i hope this makes sense !
great app . like the options of multiple routines , calender , and reminders . however i wish there was more control over the routines . i 'd like to be able to pick the start of my day instead of it starting at 12am . i 'd also like to be able to pick what week days for a routine to be active so i can have different routines each day . you can manually program it if you pay for pro version but it 's a hassle to go day by day if the routine is going to be used for months .
a great app for setting routines , simple to use and very customizable . a slight learning curve for the routine setting , eg . the +/- symbols . a few things that could be improved : easily assigning routine for each day rather than programming a period of time ( from the pro version ) or the same routine ( from the free version ) . also the widget could be more useful if it indicated the ending time as well . the comment text style could also be better differentiated title/tag of the event .
i really like this app , especially the routines . i 've given this 4 stars and will change to 5 stars once there is better online sync , a web interface , and a way to sync with google calendar . also , tablet adaptation would be good . this app has a lot of potential .
ok so i bought a pro version . it is a decent app but has some issues . i created a few routines but when using programmer i ca n't apply them based on day of the week instead i have to choose date . for example on every monday , wednesday and friday i have a different routine but on tuesday and thursday i have a different one . but using programmer i ca n't apply routine based on day of week ( have to choose a date instead ) .
app is great for student 's and other people who lack time management skills.as long as your remain objective and honest to yourself , this app will work to help you be more efficient with your time.this is one of those apps that has the potential to change your life when used correctly.good interface and simple structure.give it a chance !
new update made me little bitter ( in routine section ) , kindly take it back and give the old one . in the routine section , first the app allowed me to edit the routine of daily easily and separately , but now all the days are one by one and not side by side , actually side by side is best and easy to edit , thank you for your reply : - )
just completed my first schedule . i have high hopes for this app . i had a couple of suggestions that i think would improve the user experience . one would be collision detection when you try to make a new routine with an existing enabled technique .
this app is really very useful , but it would be better with a feature that import the routines created to other calendar apps ( through gmail or some sort ) , as for laptop uses . : folded_hands : :folded_hands : other than that , it is awesome , would definitely recommend to my friends , keep it up ! ! : thumbs_up : :flexed_biceps :
wanted vertical and horizontal in routines like before and not to display that alarm clock . thank you for your feedback i love it .
very nice app ... adds pop up randomly but not bothersome ... very useful to set up a routine to follow : ) good work developers ! ! quite flexible but could work more like a calendar ... that way each day is tailored as you like ... but i also like the option of having set a routine once , it applies for as many days as you want
very good . it is a bit complicated to use . it should probably have a tutorial or an expailnation about the different functions , as some of them just seem to be the same thing with just a differeent look . ( i could just be stupid , which is a possibility ) .
really well for procrastinators and forgetfulness ! ! i constantly forget things but this keeps me on track . i will admit though that the tags should have an option on sorting them ( clicking and dragging them to be in a specific order ) other than that , perfect app and no issues so far ! !
hey , great app , though recently i have started to experience an issue . the app is continuously asking me to refresh the background task , and as a result it 's not consistently showing notification , if i forget to do so .
easy to use to schedule repeat event alarms . easy to create different routines and turn them on or off . this feature was helpful for me . only item missing is a time tracker for client jobs or training specific tasks . even manual tracker would be good .
great app , easy and simple to use . the ability to save different schedules and just toggle each or all of them is perfect . have some seasonal schedules that i can just turn on or off as required , while keeping other routine schedules .
it 's a great app is great for reminders.the only thing is that it does n't always refresh automatically , meaning that if you 're too busy to do it manually every so often , you 're going to miss your reminders ...
this is a good app with loads of potential . it integrates really well with google calendar with the only slight disadvantage that you ca n't choose to hide or dismiss all day events . the widget is great and the notifications seem to work well . i look forward to seeing more updates .
it 's an essential daily time management app.it can further improve by providing the more detailed analysis and auto suggestion for the activity based on past routines.further the routine creation can be simplified by providing the 1 step auto update functionality along with individual task creation functionality currently provided .
good app , but not what im looking for . i 'd like to be able to check items off my routine as i complete them , but i can not do that . i do like that there are a variety of tags to choose from , and that i can create my own tags . i also like that you can clone a routine over several days .
clear and nice design , works perfectly . it would be great when calendar synchronization would also export routines to my calendar , so i am able to manage my routines in the app but main events in the calendar app with blocked time of routines .
love the simplicity .... really works for setting core routines ... not for every tiny extra thing that you want to add beyond your core routine but great for setting new daily practices and keeping you mindful of over-investment in certain tasks and procrastination .
excellent app for time management and routines . i love how customizable tags are and how versatile the difference between routines and events are . i just wish there was a deeper google calendar immersion so that i could edit icons and add tags to imported events .
very nice app and easy to use . my only complaint is that i wish there was an option to have a weekly view in block format like a planner versus just the timeline . but it is still very convient to use the routines .
i liked this app . i would like to recommend one more thing . please add the schedule to calendar as well . as right now it is getting all calendar events . but it will be great if all the schedule will also get saved at calendar .
how do i `` push back '' and/or `` bump up '' a daily routine ? * edit : they answered my issue . other than needing an easier way to do what i mentioned above , i love this app . very easy to use and very started . i love that you can create your own tags too .
app is artistically awesome ! however , i find it a bit annoying that once an event or reminder is over it removes it from the weekly view , i love being able to reflect on my day and imput things i may have missed to have a full scope of my day
this app is damn near perfect . but you know what would be awesome ? being able to check off each complete tasks by adding a check mark . i would even pay for that feature . make my life a lot easier .
it is a great app , love the design and the possibilities . but it really needs tk have a setting to change the hour configuration from a clock to keyboard so we can edit the event and routines in a split screen .
it 's absolutely amazing and helps me organize my life the features are great and customizable , i personally love the fact you can have more than one routine it makes it simple to switch my reminders when i have different scheduled weeks
it is absolutely amazing , only as a teenager i have no money to buy the pro version . even without the extra features , it 's awesome . although the tags are annoying .
its a great app for those who understands the precious value of time . it takes time to set your own schedule but once you start .... its fabulous ... keep modifying it to get best of it ...
i could n't find any other app that allows for routines with cool schedules and calendar features . i love how it tells me how much time i have left in the day . the `` when the day start '' setting confuses me though ...
good organizer . this apps is lovely to look at and good for scheduling . it is more for idealized schedule as it does not really let you adjust during the day if something comes up . overall , good .
just downloaded the app and noticed that i cant have 2 events overlapping eachother ? my example is to be in the office ( for my job ) and do schoolwork . but i categorize these as two different events and want to be able to see them as such , so i know everything i am doing . please add this !
fantastic app , great layout and super helpful . editing entire routines can still be a bit cumbersome , but it 's better than any other routine/calendar/daily scheduling app i 've used .
i definitely like this app . however , i ca n't rate it 5/5 because it erased all of my routines this morning , so it 's been a bit of a tedious process trying to reprogram everything back in .
this app is good to schedule your daily routine on a weekly basis ... i liked it .. but i could be better if we could log our actual activities time also and if this app could show a comparison between what was scheduled and what is actual
i liked this app very much . it helped me schedule my time . that happiness didnt last long , as it kept shutting down often . if that problem is sorted out , then this is one of my life saver app . thumbs up !
would love to be able to remove tags that already exist , or at least edit them . i 'd like to be able to use different icons and colors for specific named tags that already exist . and if i make any mistakes on a new one , it 's permanent .
fabulous and simple , yet amazing , design . it has the right tools to organize my time . can wait for the new features coming up .
only thing missing is being able to check off each task/event . i 'd like to know that i am making progress of keeping the routine or of i need to tweak the routines a bit .
helps me to plan my day ! what i 'm missing : widget shows comming events only and you ca n't see the previous events . so when you are a bit late the widget is not helping .
good app
this apps quite easy to use and looks simple . just it does n't really meet my requirements , it can be better if it got the calendar and tickbox . i 've purchased it but it still like the same . it said sync to my calendar but it did n't shows what i 've planned in my google calendar . the only thing i am satisfield is the notification sounds .
not upto the mark but its okay . ads give ptoblem and ui is little weak .
developer responded to my issue quickly and politely . app is pretty good so far , maybe a little more clarity is needed about the user interface for dummies like me : ) like an arrow to indicate i can swipe for the rest of my schedule .
i think the app really helps you stay organized . it really helped me out . the only complaint i have it that you have to pay for the premium version but i mean ... how else are you supposed to be able to make money off of an app so ...
real good . you star focus on you schedule and all the dead times
make some more widgets , rest all app is nice and user-friendly
can sync it to laptop ?
i love this app and the idea behind it with the weekly and daily routines . i wish i could view my month or week at a glance however so i can see my weekly routine and how my non reoccurring events affect and lay out with my routine .
decent
easy to use and very useful especially spending lots of time at home at the moment
a great app but i miss a overview of week activity 's , the app get confusing to use after adding some tasks
this app is great so far . but i wish there was an option to select several days at a time for each routine .. if there is already pls let me know .
fine app . would be perfect to have desktop web version also , to make adding routine much easier .
amazing helps manage your time and habit formation
good app and really helpful with time management and staying organized
it 's simply the best for time allocation to activities and routines .
: neutral_face : :neutral_face : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss :
nāo é exatamente oque estou procurando
it 's an excellent app but i would ditch the ads , you should n't need theme with a premium version available . they make your app look cheap and distract users .
nice app it helps a lot to save time . you will understand where you used more time and where you should spend more time .
beautiful app for personal growthv
a liked because is simple and clean
love this app . helps me a lot !
great app , very easy to schedule . i think it would be great if there is a button from the notification panel that allows muting of all events for the rest of the day . another feature could be the user can push forward or backwards the whole timetable ( or pushing forward the event and shortening another ) from the popup for unexpected event that delays everything
it 's good
its a good app but i dont understand how in the picture they got their timeline like all their routines all my one has is the days of the week and to make a routine you only get two additonal tags im confused how did they get so many ?
great app to plan out your weekly schedule , especially for a college student . however i wish it would show the amount of time being spent on each activity on the widget . it shows it when you go into the app but that 's less convenient and helpful if you want to do a quick check to see how much time you have for today 's lunch break .
very easy to use plus best time route app available
i have found this app helps me stick to my daily schedule .
good and helpful but the notification alarm does not snoozes automatically . the notification stays on the notification bar until not removed . pls keep a limit till after which it should snooze .
it 's good
nice , tho i would like to be able to name a routine and give me a notification of the name
give a option for time range , like : sleep 7hrs but not from start to end cause we cant follow that much
i 'd like to see an option to mark parts of my routine as complete .
update : this app is great ! but i 'm currently not using it . i 'm not using it because the widget colors do n't work for me . i 'd like there to be different colored backgrounds and text colors for past vs current vs future activities . i want to see at a glance what i ought to be doing at that moment , without opening the app . i 'm keeping the app installed , in the hopes that the widget will be improved . thanks , dev !
i love this app and i definitely recommend , just sad that the timer wont be available in the app anymore , it was very useful
i really love this app but notifications are not working at all even after i allow all the permissions . so i 'm not able to use this app .
i 'm liking it so far . it 's a very customizable experience , and i can really get into the details without the interface being too complex . i would like to see more widget options for the ap on the home screen . i like to see my schedule and routine the moment i open my phone . while there is a widget , it 's rather lack luster . synced with the programming , i think it would be cool if they had a calendar widget available .
great app .. please fix .. alarm popup not autohides .. or show longer time ex 5-10min
i 'm struggling to see the use of routines and programmes right now . but the other features are really useful . would love the option for a task 's or to do list !
wanted vertical and horizontal in routines like before and not to display that alarm clock . thank you for your feedback i love it .
this is my favorite daily schedule app ! it is so simple to use and super versatile . i paid for the pro version just so i could do everything and it was well worth it !
rarely ( read never ) do i write reviews but this app has been transformative for my life and productivity in general . the only issue i sometimes have is the custom song i apply to notifications doesnt always play
it 's amazing
very useful , but a feature to postpone events more easily would be nice .
for god sake change the default color this red is burning my eyes
have re-defined my routines and activities . working well .
useful . good notifications
it has a button just for what i need ... i bit hard to read the scheds though
very nice app for maintaining our schedule ... need to improve sechudule reminder , not working properly ..
nice ! , there is all i needed in this app .
i like all the scheduling possibilities and tools . i 'm giving it 4 stars because the alarm i have set thru the app ca n't be turned off . i had to uninstall it , just to get it to turn off . very annoying .
good app
i like this app because it 's better than another app i found and is really good at reminding me to stick to schedule . but i gave it four stars because even though i have n't had any issue with this yet , it does have in app purchases wich i do n't think are needed here . but overall if you need to plan a day or routine , use this app .
could you allow me to add activities on my timeline because my routine and plan is always changing and can not be limited to a fixed routine . i use this as a daily planner to plan out my full days and weeks ahead of time so it would be good if i can add activities far ahead of time .
it 's working really good so far , i 've been looking for something like this for so long . thank you .
nice app ! super helpful to plan anything , recommend it . however , it would be nice if you could at a to-do list function ? that way i could tick off the things i need to complete for one time only , such as homework . good work tho !
i really love timetune in helping me better utilize my time , see where it is all going and plan routine tasks so that i can stay on top of my busy life . the only thing missing for me is the ability to tick things as completed and cross if not done . i 'd love to be able to analyze my routine to see what worked well and what i struggled to acheive . i find it rewarding and motivating being able to check things off as done .
i got many work many problem but with this , this app can give me something new , i can manage my daily activities , this is my solution live for me
good app , just one suggestion , consider putting a weekly template with times on the side , its much easier to follow and visually appealing
really well for procrastinators and forgetfulness ! ! i constantly forget things but this keeps me on track . i will admit though that the tags should have an option on sorting them ( clicking and dragging them to be in a specific order ) other than that , perfect app and no issues so far ! !
i liked this app . i would like to recommend one more thing . please add the schedule to calendar as well . as right now it is getting all calendar events . but it will be great if all the schedule will also get saved at calendar .
good for saving time
great and simple to use ..
good
still need to improve on routine like day of every first week , every second week of the month .
it 's very nice.but how to get time line on home screen
a great app for setting routines , simple to use and very customizable . a slight learning curve for the routine setting , eg . the +/- symbols . a few things that could be improved : easily assigning routine for each day rather than programming a period of time ( from the pro version ) or the same routine ( from the free version ) . also the widget could be more useful if it indicated the ending time as well . the comment text style could also be better differentiated title/tag of the event .
just downloaded the app and noticed that i cant have 2 events overlapping eachother ? my example is to be in the office ( for my job ) and do schoolwork . but i categorize these as two different events and want to be able to see them as such , so i know everything i am doing . please add this !
clean os , lots of features
took a bit of time to learn but so far its a great app . definitely appreciate the ability.to set passive or more aggressive reminders .
everything i wanted and more ! finally has updated almost to perfection . integration with google fit or samsung health and or any gear would be amazing !
can i have a feature where i can maintain a record of how many times i actually finished the activity i was putting in ? include that and it 's 5 stars from me .
nice app
nice
adding function of goal list eg . the work has a goal and the goal shall finish in which days .
really helpful app . i 've looked at lots of other schedule apps , but this one is the easiest for me to customize precisely . great for making routines ! since a few of my routines overlap , it would be amazing if there were an option to see routine titles in the widget timeline above or before the task , in order to keep an overview of which/whose routine is in effect . both of my children have their own different weekly routines , so it would be nice to see on the timeline , that for example , it 's kid # 1 who has school on monday mornings and kid # 2 on monday afternoon instead of two `` time for school '' tasks with no specifics . it would also be great if this app could be accessible from my computer desktop or if i could sync with other family members .
great so far , two requests for devs . i just started using timetune and i like it , has most options i was looking for to help my time management and utilize time blocking requests ; 1 : whole week view - i 'm looking for healthy rhythm and repetition in my weekly routine as an independent worker , difficult to visualize when i can only view one day . 2 : sharing - i 'd love to be able to share my routine with my wife through this app . perhaps two ways to share ; `` by whole routine , '' and `` by tag . ''
very nice app and easy to use . my only complaint is that i wish there was an option to have a weekly view in block format like a planner versus just the timeline . but it is still very convient to use the routines .
nothing like a to-do list , this is a power tool . only one of its kind . with this i can eventually time my teeth brushing and even toilet visits to the minute . definitely not a to-do list .
good and useful
i wish to buy the pro version and also encourage my friends and family to do the same but hope you can make some improvements to the app . the ui looks very minimal which is a vanilla android template for an app development . please make the ui a bit more appealing . we would have also like to do routines that are repeated in intervals of more than 15 days . present app does n't allow me to set a monthly routine . hope the icons can be more rich and appealing .
its good for time management
not exactly what i needed
good organizer . this apps is lovely to look at and good for scheduling . it is more for idealized schedule as it does not really let you adjust during the day if something comes up . overall , good .
add notebook page
this is a really useful app . is this weekly scheduled repeat every week until i delete it ?
good
great for maintaining and keeping a routine . this is detailed enough to develop any kind of daily/weekly/monthly routine , and flexible enough to incorporate out-of-routine events and distractions if you use it right . it is a bit tedious for some people , ( that 's why the 4 stars ) but they can keep it simple and high-level if they like . but , if you really want to tame that beast called your work week , school agenda , or personal days like me , this will take care of it .
pretty good , so i can set my life straight on my daily good habits and positive impacts of my self motivation
how do i `` push back '' and/or `` bump up '' a daily routine ? * edit : they answered my issue . other than needing an easier way to do what i mentioned above , i love this app . very easy to use and very started . i love that you can create your own tags too .
the app is great but the notifications are not working . please do help with this issue .
i love rhat there ia a wodget on my acreen so i can always see which tasks i ahould be working on . does the full version connect to your preferred calendar . i ahve been using my gmail calendar for years , hut i dont see where they sync up .
useful
i was supppeerrrr exited about the app and it was really good but one of my alarms i set would n't turn off unless i deleted the app .
this app seems awsome and it is just mabe a touch up on sound otherwise i love it ! this is exactly what i needed
very good . it is a bit complicated to use . it should probably have a tutorial or an expailnation about the different functions , as some of them just seem to be the same thing with just a differeent look . ( i could just be stupid , which is a possibility ) .
good app
i like the simplicity of this app . it deserves 5 stars if other features is free .
this app is the best to schedule my day ! further more , here are some possible features to add ! ; a homework option w/ reminder , water reminder , mood tracker , monthly routine , and calendar ? also would like if premium was cheaper : (
this is a great app to manage schedule . interface and otherthings are perfect . but i wish that the on-screen notification should be like the lock screen popup notification .
really good and super helpful . because of covid-19 , there 's a chance i wo n't be going to school for a couple months and i wanted an easy to follow routine to factor in my online courses for a minimum of 2 hours . did n't do just that , but i was actually able to fit in all my chores with more than enough free time to spare . i really recommend the app , and will definitely be telling my friends !
best ! but bringing menu bar from side to below was a big mistake ! bc there is ad bar and then there is menu bar ! so its like half of the screen is gone and its so ugly ! ( ik ad bar will be gone if we pay ) i had to downgrade to 2.7.1 to fix it .. plz bring back menu bar to where it was so that i can update
i just downloaded this app and i can tell that it 's very useful and user freindly , i used other apps to organize myself but this one takes the cake and on top of that the developers/owner of this app responds to issues or suggested features unlike other apps i 've used , that 's the main reason i think this app is great
have you heard of that saying , `` where did the time go '' ? well this app helps me stay on schedule with my day instead of it just disappearing with nothing accomplished . love the interface and very user friendly .
i have tried many time managing apps and i like this one the most !
great app ! helped me get my time optimized and scheduled . thank you very much developers ! ( 1 suggestion would be to add auto backup on the cloud through google and so on )
no , what i mean is , in the past it wasnt `` day 1 '' instead monday tuesday wednesday and etc , but i 'm fine with it being this way , i can adapt to the problem quickly . nice job , this apps is worth the price , been using it for 2 years
since i linked it with a smart watch i 've been able to make the most out of everyday , which is huge since i used to do nothing due to indecision . i 've scheduled time for both professional stuff , self-improvement and working through my backlog of movies and games . super easy to use too , and good backup support ( i switched phones and all my routines were imported ) . solid app .
powerfull , easy to use , active blog , doing what promising even as free . will give it a try and probably gon na buy . i ussually read negative reviews first , so small note - dont understant why people complaints about tutorial . having it is beneficial . and frankly its quite good .
this app has really helped me organize my schedule and block out my routines that do n't fit into other time blocks and have smaller increments of type that are hard to see in other calendar apps . i would recommend using for morning and evening routines .
its amazing for both daily routines and for events to put on a calendar and it 's very intuitive , so no much n thead about it at all . also being free it offers alot and more with prob but i use free only .
nice app ... good layout and design .. one request- add tracking as well to the tasks .. then it will be complete solution along with setting up tasks i need to track as well which tasks i have done today , weekwise and monthwise
if you are looking for a perfect organiser of your time . this is the app for you . love it and you will too if you are like me and want some organisation in your life . perfect !
the more i use this app the more i love it . i 've been looking for something like this for a long time . one thing : i 'd like to be able to sort my routines chronologically rather than alphabetically .
simple yet effective app to manage daily and weekly schedules . a tad difficult to learn and setup , but once you get going it feels natural .
it 's amazing ! i 've started to being more organized after using timetune . the best daily routine scheduler and reminder out there ! : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
really really good at what it does . great customization with a really lightweight interface . i ca n't wait to see where it goes .
love this app , really wanted something to block plan my day , it is flexible , you can make your own tags and events are automatically imported from calendar
this app os great for planning out your days . its helped me become more effective at aticking to a plan . the customer service is very quick and helpful !
the app has great routine planner , helps me keep organized ! it 's important to me for someone with adhd !
great app to keep your timing steady .
this app is just perfect . it helped me to manage my time so that i did n't waste any of my time . i highly recommend it to others
very simple interface , definitely helps me be more productive with my time
pretty cool app .. helps a lot to get into your new routine ! recommend to everyone : )
amazing app . has everything i want from a time management app .
good ui and helpful options . have recently purchased the pro version for extra functionality
friendly app that help you to optimize your time .
great application to organize a schedule , especially procrastinators .
really easy to use and great for calendar blocking
best timetable app but i want you suggest that upcoming timeline we can see in notification bar it makes app more better for all
best app . it keeps me organise and it 's great app . exactly what i was looking for
simply one of the best applications that must be in every time manager 's mobile ...
exactly what i was looking for , a way to set up and visualize my weekly routine
fun easy to do notifications are perfect it 's just totally amazing
customise and tailored according to your needs . best for every class of jobs as well as for students for making their routine . go for it guys .
i was looking for exact same app for a long time . and this is the app . after using this app for about a week , i understood my time and routine better than ever ! i was amazed to see that i had more than 40 hours available a week whereas i thought i didn ’ t have enough time in my life . i strongly recommend to those who wants to get the blessings of a routine . and i suggest the developers that if you can bring a option to view the routine in a printable weekly calendar that would be better . thanks
great ! intuitive and easy to use .
i like this a lot , ive been searching for this kinda app for so longggg
it 's one of the best time management app ... just love it .
absolutely fallen in love with this app ! time management is my biggest struggle with adhd , and the idle notifications reminding me of what i should be doing and what is coming up soon are quickly becoming essential . hoping the developers will take the statistics of how much time is spent on each tag that 's currently in only routines to the tag page as well , for daily and weekly .
● 2019-10-15 edit : just wanted to update my previous reviews to say that the problem i initially encountered seems to have gone away . i do n't know exactly when , or how ( maybe thanks to an automatic update of the app itself or android ) , but timetune notifications now happen reliably and on time , just as you would expect , so i 'm now upgrading my initial 4 stars to 5 stars—big thanks to the devs ! ● 2018-11-05 edit : already in touch with support and testing . after restarting my device it appears to be working , but i will need to test for a few days before i can confirm ● initial review : app itself is great , but android keeps closing it after a few minutes of inactivity . as a result , notifications do n't happen . i 've followed the troubleshooting steps which i was already familiar with and have worked for other apps . just not for timetune . i wish i could fix this , it 's such a great app !
this app is exactly what i was searching for . tried many productivity apps , but this the ideal app for that purpose . it lets you plan your whole day as a schedule and lets you repeat the schedule as a custom routine . lots of other tools and customizations . best for procrastinators ( like me ) and for students who are preparing for exams .
i 've only been using this app for a week so take this with a gain of salt . i 've never been someone who could stick to a routine . this app is great because i can configure it to get in my face about what i 'm supposed to be doing . the pop-up , the voice notification , the persistent icon in my status bar work together to get my lazy butt on track .
perfect ... simply ... perfect , this app flawless , i give 5 stars to this amazing app , it is so simple , yet advanced , and so adjustable to your terms and conditions , i love this app and i am never going back to any other schedule : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
i love this app , it is really useful in order to keep a schedule . still i was wondering if it is possible to add tasks alone of the schedule grid and then choose the day to add it . this will make easier to define the tasks yo wan na meet and then sort them along the week , or add unexpected events to modify a full day schedule .
the best time managing app + easy to use
this app is amazing . i 've always liked to create schedules to better plan my day but using other apps have n't worked out for me . this app however is absolutely fantastic , i love the fact that you can create your own tags for each subject and set events with reminders . good work !
i needed some help but the friendly team were quick to assist - thank you guys ! i am really amazed at this feature-rich free version . this is a great quality app supplying you with a wealth of options to choose from - all the power is in your hands ! kudos to this passionate team ! ! ten stars ! !
honestly , pretty simple to use , and i like the simplicity in the design . as well as i have n't seen an ad as of yet , and it does n't push for money , it 's just here to help and for that it deserves much more then a thanks .
i swear it deserves more than 5 stars ! it totally deserves infinite stars i luv this app it really helps me with my exams and studying whilst making me do other things like guitar and daily planning . really love this app ! : kissing_face :
excellent app for time management .
this app is great , if you like structure in your life . i love it , give it a try folks .
it worked fine at my first installation . when i did a virus scan . afterwards , reminders or daily routines are not ringing . please suggest me . thank you i fixed it . but notification sound is very short .
the best app of its kind , it may appear difficult to get the hang of it at first but once you read the getting started guide you realise how easy it is to use . one of the best app purchases i have made
simply put : perfect . the free version is already amazing , i can only imagine how great the premium version is .
very good app , to plan your day . i really like it
i love the app so much ... but i am really hoping that you guys dont get rid of your alarm feature in december because i love that feature so much and i dont want to have to get a new app that has the alarm feature and have to start all over again !
the app is just what i wanted ! but i 'd be so glad if there 's a feature to move all the routine events in time equally . like if you wake 30 mins late you can move all of the events 30 mins upwards
hi ! i 've been using this app for a week and i can see how easy it made it for me to get used to my daily routines . pluse it has a great user experience and interface design !
i love it ! after all those problems i had with my time i found this great app . it let 's me manage my time as well and its so easy to use !
the user interface is very intuitive . so far i love the up . if the helps me stick to a schedule for a few days i 'll buy the pro version . keep up the good work ! ! !
i love it it 's perfect ! i used it in the past and i really like the new aesthetic changes and some additional functions . still being an awesome app .
i have buy pro version but it 's not showing .. one time the yellow : glowing_star : changes to red : beating_heart : but after sometime it again changes to : glowing_star : .. totally bad experience ..... sorry but after few minutes only after mailing timetune they returned my money lots of love : relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :relieved_face : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :face_blowing_a_kiss : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
hi , great app . just a small thing : i wish i could sync my outlook calendar , but only gmail is present . otherwise , great !
nice application for daily rut in good job editors : face_blowing_a_kiss : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :grinning_face :
it 's my most favourite app . thanks for creating such an amazing app .
just what i was looking for ! google calendar is good enough but it does n't have this , this is what i needed . now i can see all the hours that i have free during the week .
great app with lots of options and they do n't ask for money at every turn but truthfully i am looking for something simple . but will definitely recommend .
it is a very easy to use app . it has helped me greatly . however you could improve by not removing timers .
just awesome ... every thing you need in a daily routine .. good interface but i wish the i had the programmer option in free.bravo the developer team who made this
this app is really is the best . it helps me to do everything on time and keeps me organized . this app has really easy set ups too .
very useful app . how do i get the notifications to disappear automatically once they pop up ? i do n't want to stay clear them every time . thank you .
great app , loved the design style , feels great to use , elegant and quick way to construct your day
i love how it says what the task is !
i can not recommend this app enough . i was looking for something that couldplan my day out and this ticked every box ! would highly recommend ! !
i think it 's great however sometimes i would like a better tutorial like how can i personalize the sound of one item in my routine .
timetune is a great app too keep up with dailu routines . it has many useful options and it 's overall great .
best app for managing time .
probably the best app for routine day planners.this also have text play voice
its very good and notify every time by time to do fixed routine
great for setting daily habits , tasks and ads your google calendar events into the timeline
nice app for time table and reminder
one of the simplest yet best app for time management ... hardworking people ... must give it a try ...
this is one of the apps which i would recommend everyone to do check this out ! !
pretty much exactly what i was looking for . simple and easy to use .
and very concise app for making perfect timetables .
useful app convenient interface
just starting using it but i already love it ! ! it is an amazing app and it is so helpful .
super useful for the lockdown
vibration notification does n't work . please resolve
its a nice app for making routines
simple app . easy to use .
very useful .. as it reminds time discipline
simple and neat
bought the paid version to support the devs for making this awesome app !
best app for time management
so happy with it , helps me with my block scheduling : OK_hand_light_skin_tone :
very helpful to organize your days .
to me it is by far the best `` time planner '' for a daily schedule .
awesome
initial setup is hard to comprehend but it 's a great tool once you 've learnt your way around it ( by trial and error ) . thanks
i really like how this app is working . it 's easy to use and routines are very useful . i had little problem and i got a response in one hour , so thank you for the help !
great ! love this app , you can organise your timetable and clone events , you can have a weekly cycle , daily cycle or a odd day cycle . love this ! ! great aesthetics as well
this app was exactly what i expected to organise my time . thanks .
it 's weird , like i did n't even open the app but the fact they answer criticism and try to improve , based on what 's here , is just the type i want .
experience after my time on this app , supper detailed , and incredibly smooth . the best part is how convenient the lay out is . my style and ways of doing things changed right after i hit the open app button !
love this , exactly what i was looking for . however would be great if there is a web app or app on mac
i 've been using this app for around 3 or 4 years now . it really helps to keep myself on track . especially because i 'm easily get distracted . the interface is very simple and easy to use .
great app to keep your timing steady .
it 's my most favourite app . thanks for creating such an amazing app .
since i linked it with a smart watch i 've been able to make the most out of everyday , which is huge since i used to do nothing due to indecision . i 've scheduled time for both professional stuff , self-improvement and working through my backlog of movies and games . super easy to use too , and good backup support ( i switched phones and all my routines were imported ) . solid app .
: flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone : :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone :
awesome : sun_with_face : app
this is a great app to manage schedule . interface and otherthings are perfect . but i wish that the on-screen notification should be like the lock screen popup notification .
it would be great if we could push the scheduled events to put them later or sooner
excellent and terbaik ... : thumbs_up : :thumbs_up : :thumbs_up :
yah .. best and very useful aap
this app is the best to schedule my day ! further more , here are some possible features to add ! ; a homework option w/ reminder , water reminder , mood tracker , monthly routine , and calendar ? also would like if premium was cheaper : (
this is absolutely what i was looking for ! it generates my job events thanks .
very good app ! ! ! !
i have tried many time managing apps and i like this one the most !
best ! but bringing menu bar from side to below was a big mistake ! bc there is ad bar and then there is menu bar ! so its like half of the screen is gone and its so ugly ! ( ik ad bar will be gone if we pay ) i had to downgrade to 2.7.1 to fix it .. plz bring back menu bar to where it was so that i can update
it 's helping me a lot to deal with my anxiety ♡♡
very nice
like the new schedule page
it 's really a nice app .
nice
this is awesome because the app helps you keep yourself on track . it definetly helps when doing distance learning because of covid-19 .
i like this a lot , ive been searching for this kinda app for so longggg
exellent
great !
great app !
after using many other like app finally i decided to return back and use this.very composed app is developed
very useful app
fun easy to do notifications are perfect it 's just totally amazing
simple and neat
have you heard of that saying , `` where did the time go '' ? well this app helps me stay on schedule with my day instead of it just disappearing with nothing accomplished . love the interface and very user friendly .
super helpful app . it help me in my study
app is one of the coolest app but some functions i did n't understand properly what 's their functionality .
i just downloaded this app and i can tell that it 's very useful and user freindly , i used other apps to organize myself but this one takes the cake and on top of that the developers/owner of this app responds to issues or suggested features unlike other apps i 've used , that 's the main reason i think this app is great
if you are looking for a perfect organiser of your time . this is the app for you . love it and you will too if you are like me and want some organisation in your life . perfect !
its a nice app for making routines
its very efficient and helpful
nice appp verry recommended ... make my life more organized
super useful for the lockdown
nice
really easy to use and great for calendar blocking
good job
helps plan out the day . it 's just the best .
great app ! helped me get my time optimized and scheduled . thank you very much developers ! ( 1 suggestion would be to add auto backup on the cloud through google and so on )
as per expected
friendly app that help you to optimize your time .
just the app i need !
honestly it 's not a bad app at all .
really good and super helpful . because of covid-19 , there 's a chance i wo n't be going to school for a couple months and i wanted an easy to follow routine to factor in my online courses for a minimum of 2 hours . did n't do just that , but i was actually able to fit in all my chores with more than enough free time to spare . i really recommend the app , and will definitely be telling my friends !
it 's a nice app .
thop
it 's one of the best time management app ... just love it .
this app is just perfect . it helped me to manage my time so that i did n't waste any of my time . i highly recommend it to others
overall amazing .. pls guide me how to amend a single day activity
bestestestestestest
love it it only thing lacking is just some ideas to motivate me what should i do
i love how it says what the task is !
i gave 5 * to this app in the past . but new updated routine list is so unsatisfactory . a lot of scrolling . older style was better .
great way to keep track with voice prompts as reminders
no , what i mean is , in the past it wasnt `` day 1 '' instead monday tuesday wednesday and etc , but i 'm fine with it being this way , i can adapt to the problem quickly . nice job , this apps is worth the price , been using it for 2 years
good habit tracker
it is awesome . definitely recommend : purple_heart :
the only best time scheduler in play store .
great application to organize a schedule , especially procrastinators .
customise and tailored according to your needs . best for every class of jobs as well as for students for making their routine . go for it guys .
very well made and easy to use
simply one of the best applications that must be in every time manager 's mobile ...
this app has really helped me organize my schedule and block out my routines that do n't fit into other time blocks and have smaller increments of type that are hard to see in other calendar apps . i would recommend using for morning and evening routines .
the app has great routine planner , helps me keep organized ! it 's important to me for someone with adhd !
perfect ! time tune is simple , customizable and incredibly useful ! i 've been searching for an app like this for a very , very long time ! thank you !
one of the apps in my toolbox . manages my time well . has good features . thanks for the developers
the best time managing app + easy to use
good ui and helpful options . have recently purchased the pro version for extra functionality
nicest programm for planning your week
this app is great , if you like structure in your life . i love it , give it a try folks .
nice app ... good layout and design .. one request- add tracking as well to the tasks .. then it will be complete solution along with setting up tasks i need to track as well which tasks i have done today , weekwise and monthwise
it helps me
nice app
amazing app . has everything i want from a time management app .
great ! intuitive and easy to use .
best app . it keeps me organise and it 's great app . exactly what i was looking for
the more i use this app the more i love it . i 've been looking for something like this for a long time . one thing : i 'd like to be able to sort my routines chronologically rather than alphabetically .
muito útil , em poucas palavras é o que esse app é
perfect app which i was looking for a long time . thank god it provides routine summary . but if i follow different routines for different days , i ca n't find how much time i spent for a particular activity in a particular period of time . please add statistics for the past days with filters having duration like for last 1 week or past 1 month or for a year or from a selected day to till date etc . please bring this feature in upcoming updates , so that i will help us a lot
very good app
hi seems a good app to me for india this will cost 200 . is it yearly cost or for lifetime .please let me know
excellent app for time management .
exactly what i was looking for , a way to set up and visualize my weekly routine
um app muito bom com várias atividades já prontas e com possibilidade de personalização de atividades . a única coisa ruim é a notificação . de você não estiver com o celular na mão ou muito perto de você , você provavelmente não vai ver a notificação ( só coloco a vibração ) . tirando isso é perfeito .
best timetable app but i want you suggest that upcoming timeline we can see in notification bar it makes app more better for all
it 's all great . i just love it . it sets my schedule , timetable , reminders so perfectly fine . we can adjust it however we want to .
well , i downloaded it , liked it and bought it . it didnt disappoint me after a long time of usage . the one and only app i have bought and probably ever will buy . thank you .
update : after i read the reply i redownloaded this app . waste of $ 4.25 ! it 's not worth any amount of money ! not a lot of extras to charge money and it 's only cute on a computer . the `` lists '' are not very easy to make and i never did find the `` meal plan '' or journal parts . the goal part is not on the app . any.do is free and a lot easier for lists with reminders and also includes a calendar . not worth the cost . yeah it 's cute but not as easy to use as other free calendars . pretty disappointed ...
i did the free trial . this planner does not have push notifications . you can set up your events and appointments , even make them reoccurring , but artful agenda app will not remind you or notify you . what good is a digital planner if it does not have push notifications . if i am going to pay for an app , it should at least have most of the features a free app has .
only option is paid subsctiption app ? no thanks . i ca n't constantly pay for apps within my budget so i 'd much rather have the option to use a version with ads .
there 's one thing that makes me crazy about apps . it 's when their developers do n't tell you up front what the cost is of after the free trial . so , i wo n't be trying this as much as i 'd like to .
my events show up at the wrong time in my calendar even when they 've been manually entered . what 's the point of a planner that doest let you plan .
app install page says nothing about it being a free trial for 2 weeks . so you have to pay to use this app . this is not disclosed on the app page from which you initiate install .
terrible ! i transferred all my lists from google to this app do they would all be in one place and they did n't save ! so beyond frustrating .
i downloaded this after seeing someone advertise it . looked cool so i figured try it out , right ? until i downloaded and it prompted me for a subscription . lady you are nuts . people rather by the paper agenda at the store for cheaper . you do not see the full texture of the book , it 's an online planner on top of it . i 'm not paying you for that . i downloaded a free calendar that does the exact same thing . terrible marketing skills .
this app is a total rip-off ! i stupidly paid for the one-time subscription of $ 35.00 , had the app less than one hour . the print was so tiny i could barely see it . a lesson learned the hard way ... no more app subscriptions for me . users beware ! forewarned is forarmed . hang on to your wallets if you try out this app !
slow on laptop , does not sync with website . no stickers on app , just laptop . i set up my calander on my ohone , then went to desktop . i ca n't open up my calander unlesss i give payment info on laptop . i already set up payment in google play . and to get to that screen takes a long time .
could you make an option to not stop the trial because i dont think some people want to do the trial and it does n't mention that before you download the app and when you do you guys get paid .
does n't work . error messages appear everywhere when i open the app .
you ca n't even try it out . they are automatically asking you to pick a subscriber plan before you can even see a calendar or anything .
it would n't let me try the app . it just told me to subscribe .
impossible to use .
this is a pay to play calendar only
if this was free , yeah i 'd totally use this . who honestly wants to pay to keep track of your life ? wth ?
always freezing
there 's one thing that makes me crazy about apps . it 's when their developers do n't tell you up front what the cost is of after the free trial . so , i wo n't be trying this as much as i 'd like to .
i did the free trial . this planner does not have push notifications . you can set up your events and appointments , even make them reoccurring , but artful agenda app will not remind you or notify you . what good is a digital planner if it does not have push notifications . if i am going to pay for an app , it should at least have most of the features a free app has .
impossible to use .
my events show up at the wrong time in my calendar even when they 've been manually entered . what 's the point of a planner that doest let you plan .
if this was free , yeah i 'd totally use this . who honestly wants to pay to keep track of your life ? wth ?
only option is paid subsctiption app ? no thanks . i ca n't constantly pay for apps within my budget so i 'd much rather have the option to use a version with ads .
update : after i read the reply i redownloaded this app . waste of $ 4.25 ! it 's not worth any amount of money ! not a lot of extras to charge money and it 's only cute on a computer . the `` lists '' are not very easy to make and i never did find the `` meal plan '' or journal parts . the goal part is not on the app . any.do is free and a lot easier for lists with reminders and also includes a calendar . not worth the cost . yeah it 's cute but not as easy to use as other free calendars . pretty disappointed ...
terrible ! i transferred all my lists from google to this app do they would all be in one place and they did n't save ! so beyond frustrating .
app install page says nothing about it being a free trial for 2 weeks . so you have to pay to use this app . this is not disclosed on the app page from which you initiate install .
i downloaded this after seeing someone advertise it . looked cool so i figured try it out , right ? until i downloaded and it prompted me for a subscription . lady you are nuts . people rather by the paper agenda at the store for cheaper . you do not see the full texture of the book , it 's an online planner on top of it . i 'm not paying you for that . i downloaded a free calendar that does the exact same thing . terrible marketing skills .
could you make an option to not stop the trial because i dont think some people want to do the trial and it does n't mention that before you download the app and when you do you guys get paid .
it would n't let me try the app . it just told me to subscribe .
slow on laptop , does not sync with website . no stickers on app , just laptop . i set up my calander on my ohone , then went to desktop . i ca n't open up my calander unlesss i give payment info on laptop . i already set up payment in google play . and to get to that screen takes a long time .
you ca n't even try it out . they are automatically asking you to pick a subscriber plan before you can even see a calendar or anything .
this is a pay to play calendar only
this app is a total rip-off ! i stupidly paid for the one-time subscription of $ 35.00 , had the app less than one hour . the print was so tiny i could barely see it . a lesson learned the hard way ... no more app subscriptions for me . users beware ! forewarned is forarmed . hang on to your wallets if you try out this app !
does n't work . error messages appear everywhere when i open the app .
always freezing
i really like the app/online portal but having everything in one does me no good w/o push notifications & i wish this had a widget so i did n't have to open the app to look at everything.i paid for this & i do n't feel like i got my investment back as i maybe use the app once in a blue moon . it looks great but it just does n't work to what i feel is it 's full protein . i hope you add this & do n't make me pay for it .
love it and it 's good start to build on ! but there appears to be syncing issues between calendars no matter how many times i refresh . i 'm going to give it time before i give up on it . i 'm big on my happy planner and would totally ditch it for this if it had similar features , such as a budget planner one could add . i would n't use most of the stickers , which is unfortunate because i love my stickers in my planners . overall .... good start ?
absolutely no mention of paying to use this app until you 've downloaded it and signed up . too bad , it looked pretty .
okay if you like planning with google . it 's exactly like that , just prettier . i do n't see how this can replace a paper planner at all .
there is a subscription to the service . i wish i would have knownbefore i downloaded . looks beautiful though .
its ok
i really like the app/online portal but having everything in one does me no good w/o push notifications & i wish this had a widget so i did n't have to open the app to look at everything.i paid for this & i do n't feel like i got my investment back as i maybe use the app once in a blue moon . it looks great but it just does n't work to what i feel is it 's full protein . i hope you add this & do n't make me pay for it .
there is a subscription to the service . i wish i would have knownbefore i downloaded . looks beautiful though .
its ok
love it and it 's good start to build on ! but there appears to be syncing issues between calendars no matter how many times i refresh . i 'm going to give it time before i give up on it . i 'm big on my happy planner and would totally ditch it for this if it had similar features , such as a budget planner one could add . i would n't use most of the stickers , which is unfortunate because i love my stickers in my planners . overall .... good start ?
absolutely no mention of paying to use this app until you 've downloaded it and signed up . too bad , it looked pretty .
okay if you like planning with google . it 's exactly like that , just prettier . i do n't see how this can replace a paper planner at all .
download it because i love that it has a weekly , monthly and daily goal views , also lists and water intake goals but it does n't have push notifications and it seems like i ca n't cross off events , only goals or tasks and that 's a huge deal at least for me so it would be great if you guys can make that happen
great concept the idea of this is great but theres a couple things that need work and i have a few ideas app is very slow or laggy . sometimes it wont let me click on the sugested address . also would be useful to be able to click address in planner and pull up directions in google map , i would also like to be able to link a list to a event and or address would also like to be able to `` build my desired layout , more themes and stickers
i just got this app about 2 days ago . i love it ! i would give it : star : :star : :star : :star : :star : ... if the developers added new features such as : * more affordable $ 20/year * more stickers : love variety * journaling pages : customizable to be added anywhere within the planner * fully customizable upcoming event pages : to help plan for weddings , anniversaries , birthdays , graduations , parent to be planning & baby or adopted child showers , valentine 's , marriage proposal : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
needs a widget ! once it has multiple different widgets , calendar , to do list , grocery list ... etc i might revisit it .
not fully developed . this app could be great , but in their rush to put it out , the features are highly lacking . no push notifications , you can not upload stickers , no widget , pretty buggy . i really liked the idea of it , but it needs improvement . i will update to 5 stars if and when these features are added . they did reach out to me to resolve my issues , so i am updating to three stars .
there were a lot less options for handwriting , covers , and stickers than i anticipated for something you want me to pay an annual or monthly subscription for . it 's a great concept but the execution fell short for me .
love your hard work . but it 's there a widget ? with the calendar open ?
i like this better then the calendar that comes on my phone but it 's too pricey . i dont mind paying for an app i like or paying for the downloads i want in an app but you cant justify this price for what you get .
it would be good if it was a free app . i understand in app purchases but only if the app itself was free .
i wanted to play with it for a few minutes before putting in my payment info . i realize i can cancel , but would prefer to do a quick test first . i
love it so far . wish it had a widget for android though .
download it because i love that it has a weekly , monthly and daily goal views , also lists and water intake goals but it does n't have push notifications and it seems like i ca n't cross off events , only goals or tasks and that 's a huge deal at least for me so it would be great if you guys can make that happen
not fully developed . this app could be great , but in their rush to put it out , the features are highly lacking . no push notifications , you can not upload stickers , no widget , pretty buggy . i really liked the idea of it , but it needs improvement . i will update to 5 stars if and when these features are added . they did reach out to me to resolve my issues , so i am updating to three stars .
it would be good if it was a free app . i understand in app purchases but only if the app itself was free .
i just got this app about 2 days ago . i love it ! i would give it : star : :star : :star : :star : :star : ... if the developers added new features such as : * more affordable $ 20/year * more stickers : love variety * journaling pages : customizable to be added anywhere within the planner * fully customizable upcoming event pages : to help plan for weddings , anniversaries , birthdays , graduations , parent to be planning & baby or adopted child showers , valentine 's , marriage proposal : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
great concept the idea of this is great but theres a couple things that need work and i have a few ideas app is very slow or laggy . sometimes it wont let me click on the sugested address . also would be useful to be able to click address in planner and pull up directions in google map , i would also like to be able to link a list to a event and or address would also like to be able to `` build my desired layout , more themes and stickers
needs a widget ! once it has multiple different widgets , calendar , to do list , grocery list ... etc i might revisit it .
love your hard work . but it 's there a widget ? with the calendar open ?
there were a lot less options for handwriting , covers , and stickers than i anticipated for something you want me to pay an annual or monthly subscription for . it 's a great concept but the execution fell short for me .
i like this better then the calendar that comes on my phone but it 's too pricey . i dont mind paying for an app i like or paying for the downloads i want in an app but you cant justify this price for what you get .
love it so far . wish it had a widget for android though .
i wanted to play with it for a few minutes before putting in my payment info . i realize i can cancel , but would prefer to do a quick test first . i
i love the concept & look of this mobile app & the desktop version . i wish i could set recurring tasks or add time reminders to tasks . you also ca n't set reminders if you add an event directly into artful agenda . you have to add it to your google calendar first to set the reminder then let it sync to artful agenda . i 've paid for the year subscription & i 'm really hoping it has more functionality by the end of my subscription or i wo n't be renewing .
love the app ... was able to download it to my iphone . i went to download it to my samsung tablet . but once i hit open , all i get is black screen . i uninstalled the app and reinstalled it several times and it still wo n't work
plz ? ? ? : red_heart:1.widget that shows the current date , list of upcoming events , 1 click option to open calendar 2.ability to set reminders/alerts for scheduled events 3. ability to sync to phone 's stock calendar ( android ) 4.additional settings ability to customize the color of the circle indicating current date 5. ability to actually see the inspirational quotes in the app even if a new tab was necessary 6.ability to create tasks and designate their priority as high , low or routine along with the option
could use more fonts and options and a habit tracker . but it 's a great start .
love the look of this agenda . list feature is great way to track & complete to do lists !
like the app , but wish it had widgets to be able to see calendar at all times
i love this app ! it makes my day to day so much more organized and pretty . it allows you to keep a check on your daily water intake , your to do lists , grocery lists , events , whatever you have in mind ! i find that the layout of it all helps me to maintain productivity . i only wish there were a widget available !
love it so far ! i would like to be able to move appointments around on the same day . for example , they are listed in the order you enter them . but i want my am on the top of each page and my p.m. appointments in the afternoon on the month view . it would be great if you can just drag and drop . i also would like a printing feature for my lists so that i can actually print them out while packing .
just installed love that syncs with google . wish the mobile app allowed screen rotation . wish i could zoom on the week a month view . i understand mobile i in beta . looking forward to the evolution .
love this app so far , it just needs push notifications , widgets , and a habit tracker , hut all in due time i 'm sure : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
so far i really like it . when will the stickers and tablet features be ready ?
i live this calendar app , but i wish it was a widget .
so far so good
love the app ... was able to download it to my iphone . i went to download it to my samsung tablet . but once i hit open , all i get is black screen . i uninstalled the app and reinstalled it several times and it still wo n't work
plz ? ? ? : red_heart:1.widget that shows the current date , list of upcoming events , 1 click option to open calendar 2.ability to set reminders/alerts for scheduled events 3. ability to sync to phone 's stock calendar ( android ) 4.additional settings ability to customize the color of the circle indicating current date 5. ability to actually see the inspirational quotes in the app even if a new tab was necessary 6.ability to create tasks and designate their priority as high , low or routine along with the option
could use more fonts and options and a habit tracker . but it 's a great start .
love the look of this agenda . list feature is great way to track & complete to do lists !
i love the concept & look of this mobile app & the desktop version . i wish i could set recurring tasks or add time reminders to tasks . you also ca n't set reminders if you add an event directly into artful agenda . you have to add it to your google calendar first to set the reminder then let it sync to artful agenda . i 've paid for the year subscription & i 'm really hoping it has more functionality by the end of my subscription or i wo n't be renewing .
like the app , but wish it had widgets to be able to see calendar at all times
i love this app ! it makes my day to day so much more organized and pretty . it allows you to keep a check on your daily water intake , your to do lists , grocery lists , events , whatever you have in mind ! i find that the layout of it all helps me to maintain productivity . i only wish there were a widget available !
i live this calendar app , but i wish it was a widget .
so far i really like it . when will the stickers and tablet features be ready ?
love this app so far , it just needs push notifications , widgets , and a habit tracker , hut all in due time i 'm sure : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
just installed love that syncs with google . wish the mobile app allowed screen rotation . wish i could zoom on the week a month view . i understand mobile i in beta . looking forward to the evolution .
love it so far ! i would like to be able to move appointments around on the same day . for example , they are listed in the order you enter them . but i want my am on the top of each page and my p.m. appointments in the afternoon on the month view . it would be great if you can just drag and drop . i also would like a printing feature for my lists so that i can actually print them out while packing .
so far so good
super cute & functional ! it syncs with both my personal ( google ) and work ( outlook ) calendars , space to plan priorities and meals ( weekly/daily views ) and lists ! i do n't use the stickers as much , but all the colors for events and background are enough for me right now . ca n't wait for the widget to come out someday !
i have thoroughly enjoyed my aa ever since i found out about last year ! i had been looking for an organizer that i use as a calendar and to handle my many `` things to do '' lists . thank you katy for your vision and concept .
love , love , love this app ! ! i have been a paper planner lover for 30 years and i just switched to artful agenda and i could n't be more pleased . try it , you 'll love it ! ! !
love this app ! ! ! it 's so easy to use . it helps me be organized with the option of having multiple lists . plus .... it 's colorful ! !
this is perfect . i 'm able to get all of my family calendars in one place without having to lug around a traditional agenda . also they are wonderful at fixing any issues and responding to all emails .
it 's a beautiful digital calendar that u can customize with a cover and stickers and fonts - so much prettier than the standard calendar that comes on your phone !
i normally do n't review apps , but this one is amazing . this digital planner was exactly what i wanted . give it a try , you wo n't regret it .
love this app ! ! i 'm much more organized with it !
i love all of the features . especially the lists and the stickers .
the perfect marriage of pen & pixel . if you love the features and visuals of a paper planner but stink at keeping up with it , this is for you . it allows me to : -sync to my google calendars , & color code -switch an event from one google calendar to another which even google calendar wo n't let me do -look at my schedule as a single day , week , or month without having to put items in 3 different places -set and write down goals -track water & meal plan -make lists -check off tasks
this app is beautiful , and has really helped me keep my business , large family , homeschool and church activities all in order ! no more chaos for this girl !
i absolutely love this app ! i am a very ocd person when it comes to being organized and love my planner but really wanted something digital ... very portable and environmentally friendly ... i found it here ! i love the way it syncs in seconds across my devices , phone , ipad , google home device , and laptop . it ’ s super user friendly and very customizable ! i tried several other digital planners and this one beats them hands down !
so i love this app- i think it 's perfect for what i needed , at the time . sadly my job changed and so did my need for a calendar/planner . artful agenda was still great but i found myself no longer using the stickers or really having time to add information to it . i canceled my subscription- they were super easy to work with . i still recommend this app to girls when asked - : red_heart : :red_heart : i love and miss artful agenda . when my job changes again i 'll be back .
perfect , i 'm loving every element so far , i love that i can at some point once it 's all done use it like my paper planner and sync them with my phone , i hate carrying my paper planner and also having to update my cell calendar , i love and cant wait to see and use all the coming soons i 'm so excited , i 'm hoping also a widget will be something to come soon as well so that i can have it open on my phone and not always have to open the app for quick reference . keep it up
love this app ! ! this app had saved me so many stressful headaches ! ! the creator is always on top of it and so helpful with everyone 's questions . install this app - you wo n't be sorry !
amazing planner ! i 've been using the desktop version linked with my google calendar and it was working great ! now with the app , it 's even better than i thought it would be ! i love having all of my appointments in one place and it 's so easy to use ! i especially enjoy the extra feature of being able to add notes to my tasks ! it has helped me stay on task with work , cleaning , and everything else !
i have always been a paper planner girl , but now that i 've tried artful agenda i will never go back ! i love the custom covers , adorable stickers and the ability to link multiple calendars together in one place ! it 's extremely functional and i am obsessed with the fact that i can access it straight from my phone ( and computer , too ! ) . no more anxiety about losing my paper planner ... loving this beautiful , digital way to organize !
i love this calendar app ! this is the only digital calendar that i have been happy with ! i can easily see what i have coming up . i love the 'tasks ' and the ability to make my to do list right on the app ... and the ability to easily snooze a task ii did n't get to until tomorrow . love it !
i never thought i could switch to a digital planner and yet here i am , my husband is so happy to see everything that used to take him time sifting through my calendar . we 're all synced up on google calendar now and i have the beautiful version for me to see on artful agenda with the lists i need to run my box and family !
i love this app ! it 's a perfect replacement for my paper calendar . i love that i can have my schedule , meal plan , tasks to do and more all at the tip of my fingers wherever i am . i 'm excited for all the plans they have to add even more awesome features !
as someone who is obsessed with trendy planners with pops of color i ca n't get enough of artful agenda . it combines the convenience of a digital calendar with the joy of having a fun planner to organize everything in . and they ade always adding new features that are awesome !
this is a perfect app solution for as a hybrid between digital and paper calendars . i love the `` extras '' to make is like my paper calendar in visual effects . i also enjoy the ability to combine multiple digital calendars into one ! this is perfect !
this is my dream calendar app ! it works perfectly with my google calendar while also offering list making capabilities as well as meal planning ! as a mom and business owner it gives me everything i need in a digital calendar !
i just adore this app . it has saved my sanity on more than one occasion . super simple to use and i love being able to color code things . and the water tracker , my goodness .
omg just what i 've been looking for and you can also have it on a desk top so whenever i 'm working and ca n't reach my phone for booking clients this comes in handy , ca n't wait to see what is coming soon : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : edit : i went on the computer to see if there is a major difference and omg there is i totally love the desktop site i can not wait for more features to come i totally recommend this app to anyone : smiling_face_with_hearts : :smiling_face_with_hearts : :smiling_face_with_hearts : so in love
my planner system is now complete ! i love the web app and now with the mobile app , my on-the -go planning is also on point . the app is fast , beautiful and a perfect planning companion . awesome !
i love that all my calendars are integrated in one spot , work , school , kids , small business . its pretty , functional , tracks meals , to dos and water intake . i 'm thrilled to have something pretty to add joy to my day . thanks beta team !
i love artful agenda ! ! ! it is the beauty and organization of a paper planner with the convenience of being online and on my phone ! love the new featured that keep rolling out !
i have been using artful agenda on a desktop this year and love all it 's features . now the app makes it even more accessible . i love planning meals and mapping out my day !
this app is literally like a dream come true . it is girly and has all of the things a paper planner has but electronically . i love it !
love it so far ! excited for the `` coming soon '' items . i use a paper planner bc digital planners never seem to have the layout i want but so far this seems to be a great replacement !
love love love this ! ! ! ! its the best of both worlds - paper and digital and syncs with all your calendars ! awesome app !
nice planner that replaced paper planner . i absolutely love it ! no more spending money on etsy for digital planners that do not give me notifications . this one does !
i love that this app combines all of my various calendars ( work and personal ) to have a quick total view of my day ( s ) . such a timesaver ! ! !
this app is just what i have been looking for - it really feels like a paper planner .
this has replaced my paper planner ( and i am addicted to it ) ! the most amazing app and product ever !
fun cover , stickers and layouts .
this is the perfect calendar app ! and its gorgeous to boot !
the perfect planner app ! i 'm so thankful for artful agenda !
this app is practical , beautiful , fun , and easy to use ! highly recommend !
i 've been a paper planner girl for years ! i need the pretty colors and stickers . while i still have a paper planner ( that has n't been touched for months ) i needed something on my phone because with 3 kids spaced 6 years apart , we are busy . we homeschool year round as well as appointments and family stuff . artful agenda fits everything i need . update on the fly and it 's pretty ! i keep a tab open on my desktop as well as the app on my phone . : star : :star : :star : :star : :star :
finally something that lets me feel like i 'm using a paper planner but i do n't accidentally leave it at home !
perfect hybrid of digital and paper ... im in love !
great app . love it
i am loving this and plan to buy it . do you intend to add a widget for phones and tablets ?
love it . cant wait for it to do even more .
a fun and beautiful way to organize your life ! i 'm a huge fan ! ! !
the best yet !
obsessed .
awesome app ! ! !
love this app ! ! i 'm much more organized with it !
obsessed .
this is perfect . i 'm able to get all of my family calendars in one place without having to lug around a traditional agenda . also they are wonderful at fixing any issues and responding to all emails .
i love all of the features . especially the lists and the stickers .
super cute & functional ! it syncs with both my personal ( google ) and work ( outlook ) calendars , space to plan priorities and meals ( weekly/daily views ) and lists ! i do n't use the stickers as much , but all the colors for events and background are enough for me right now . ca n't wait for the widget to come out someday !
love this app ! ! ! it 's so easy to use . it helps me be organized with the option of having multiple lists . plus .... it 's colorful ! !
i absolutely love this app ! i am a very ocd person when it comes to being organized and love my planner but really wanted something digital ... very portable and environmentally friendly ... i found it here ! i love the way it syncs in seconds across my devices , phone , ipad , google home device , and laptop . it ’ s super user friendly and very customizable ! i tried several other digital planners and this one beats them hands down !
love this app ! ! this app had saved me so many stressful headaches ! ! the creator is always on top of it and so helpful with everyone 's questions . install this app - you wo n't be sorry !
it 's a beautiful digital calendar that u can customize with a cover and stickers and fonts - so much prettier than the standard calendar that comes on your phone !
love , love , love this app ! ! i have been a paper planner lover for 30 years and i just switched to artful agenda and i could n't be more pleased . try it , you 'll love it ! ! !
i have thoroughly enjoyed my aa ever since i found out about last year ! i had been looking for an organizer that i use as a calendar and to handle my many `` things to do '' lists . thank you katy for your vision and concept .
i normally do n't review apps , but this one is amazing . this digital planner was exactly what i wanted . give it a try , you wo n't regret it .
this app is beautiful , and has really helped me keep my business , large family , homeschool and church activities all in order ! no more chaos for this girl !
the perfect marriage of pen & pixel . if you love the features and visuals of a paper planner but stink at keeping up with it , this is for you . it allows me to : -sync to my google calendars , & color code -switch an event from one google calendar to another which even google calendar wo n't let me do -look at my schedule as a single day , week , or month without having to put items in 3 different places -set and write down goals -track water & meal plan -make lists -check off tasks
fun cover , stickers and layouts .
so i love this app- i think it 's perfect for what i needed , at the time . sadly my job changed and so did my need for a calendar/planner . artful agenda was still great but i found myself no longer using the stickers or really having time to add information to it . i canceled my subscription- they were super easy to work with . i still recommend this app to girls when asked - : red_heart : :red_heart : i love and miss artful agenda . when my job changes again i 'll be back .
perfect , i 'm loving every element so far , i love that i can at some point once it 's all done use it like my paper planner and sync them with my phone , i hate carrying my paper planner and also having to update my cell calendar , i love and cant wait to see and use all the coming soons i 'm so excited , i 'm hoping also a widget will be something to come soon as well so that i can have it open on my phone and not always have to open the app for quick reference . keep it up
awesome app ! ! !
love it so far ! excited for the `` coming soon '' items . i use a paper planner bc digital planners never seem to have the layout i want but so far this seems to be a great replacement !
i am loving this and plan to buy it . do you intend to add a widget for phones and tablets ?
omg just what i 've been looking for and you can also have it on a desk top so whenever i 'm working and ca n't reach my phone for booking clients this comes in handy , ca n't wait to see what is coming soon : smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes : edit : i went on the computer to see if there is a major difference and omg there is i totally love the desktop site i can not wait for more features to come i totally recommend this app to anyone : smiling_face_with_hearts : :smiling_face_with_hearts : :smiling_face_with_hearts : so in love
great app . love it
this app is literally like a dream come true . it is girly and has all of the things a paper planner has but electronically . i love it !
i 've been a paper planner girl for years ! i need the pretty colors and stickers . while i still have a paper planner ( that has n't been touched for months ) i needed something on my phone because with 3 kids spaced 6 years apart , we are busy . we homeschool year round as well as appointments and family stuff . artful agenda fits everything i need . update on the fly and it 's pretty ! i keep a tab open on my desktop as well as the app on my phone . : star : :star : :star : :star : :star :
amazing planner ! i 've been using the desktop version linked with my google calendar and it was working great ! now with the app , it 's even better than i thought it would be ! i love having all of my appointments in one place and it 's so easy to use ! i especially enjoy the extra feature of being able to add notes to my tasks ! it has helped me stay on task with work , cleaning , and everything else !
the best yet !
my planner system is now complete ! i love the web app and now with the mobile app , my on-the -go planning is also on point . the app is fast , beautiful and a perfect planning companion . awesome !
i never thought i could switch to a digital planner and yet here i am , my husband is so happy to see everything that used to take him time sifting through my calendar . we 're all synced up on google calendar now and i have the beautiful version for me to see on artful agenda with the lists i need to run my box and family !
this app is practical , beautiful , fun , and easy to use ! highly recommend !
i just adore this app . it has saved my sanity on more than one occasion . super simple to use and i love being able to color code things . and the water tracker , my goodness .
love love love this ! ! ! ! its the best of both worlds - paper and digital and syncs with all your calendars ! awesome app !
love it . cant wait for it to do even more .
finally something that lets me feel like i 'm using a paper planner but i do n't accidentally leave it at home !
this is my dream calendar app ! it works perfectly with my google calendar while also offering list making capabilities as well as meal planning ! as a mom and business owner it gives me everything i need in a digital calendar !
nice planner that replaced paper planner . i absolutely love it ! no more spending money on etsy for digital planners that do not give me notifications . this one does !
i love this app ! it 's a perfect replacement for my paper calendar . i love that i can have my schedule , meal plan , tasks to do and more all at the tip of my fingers wherever i am . i 'm excited for all the plans they have to add even more awesome features !
i have been using artful agenda on a desktop this year and love all it 's features . now the app makes it even more accessible . i love planning meals and mapping out my day !
a fun and beautiful way to organize your life ! i 'm a huge fan ! ! !
this is the perfect calendar app ! and its gorgeous to boot !
i have always been a paper planner girl , but now that i 've tried artful agenda i will never go back ! i love the custom covers , adorable stickers and the ability to link multiple calendars together in one place ! it 's extremely functional and i am obsessed with the fact that i can access it straight from my phone ( and computer , too ! ) . no more anxiety about losing my paper planner ... loving this beautiful , digital way to organize !
as someone who is obsessed with trendy planners with pops of color i ca n't get enough of artful agenda . it combines the convenience of a digital calendar with the joy of having a fun planner to organize everything in . and they ade always adding new features that are awesome !
this is a perfect app solution for as a hybrid between digital and paper calendars . i love the `` extras '' to make is like my paper calendar in visual effects . i also enjoy the ability to combine multiple digital calendars into one ! this is perfect !
i love that this app combines all of my various calendars ( work and personal ) to have a quick total view of my day ( s ) . such a timesaver ! ! !
perfect hybrid of digital and paper ... im in love !
the perfect planner app ! i 'm so thankful for artful agenda !
this app is just what i have been looking for - it really feels like a paper planner .
this has replaced my paper planner ( and i am addicted to it ) ! the most amazing app and product ever !
i love artful agenda ! ! ! it is the beauty and organization of a paper planner with the convenience of being online and on my phone ! love the new featured that keep rolling out !
i love this calendar app ! this is the only digital calendar that i have been happy with ! i can easily see what i have coming up . i love the 'tasks ' and the ability to make my to do list right on the app ... and the ability to easily snooze a task ii did n't get to until tomorrow . love it !
i love that all my calendars are integrated in one spot , work , school , kids , small business . its pretty , functional , tracks meals , to dos and water intake . i 'm thrilled to have something pretty to add joy to my day . thanks beta team !
used it until simple backup was premiumized . restore wont work between different versions unless you modi-hack the file . author would not tell you that you can do it though if you ask his help ! . restore dont recognize my backup file at all so all my lists are basically inaccessible now . will never install this again and i suggest anyone who values his data not to !
too complicated and time consuming to set a task . no way to repeat on a monthly basis and specific day of the week at the same time . not worth the time it takes to use it . uninstalling .
definitely i appropriate your hard work and this app different from all those big guys apps , but question is if someone lost the phone or uninstalled the app , what is the purpose this app ? , so i 'm just suggesting , > you can limit the how many task can be added by users without premium > opt . in ads for auto backup
when i set to remind me daily it shows even in past and it does n't remind me kindly let me know the way to set it proper
has no sign in option only export and the file wo n't open , so unless you have an it friend you lose your file which meant all the stuff i put in tasks has gotten lost . if the developer revolves this is i will edit this review .
subscription only . no outright purchase . too bad . seems like a nice app .
an average task manager that asks 16gbp for the annual subscription ? no thanks and there are better free and paid alternatives that are better organised .
monthly payments for a todo app ? not gon na happen , thank you .
scheduling reminder intervals does not work ! ! ! !
i remember the days when you bought an app and owned it .. now every developer wants to lock you into a lifetime subscription process where they can charge you for eternity . i simply refuse to rent my own notepad .
there are better and simple other apps which provide automatic online sync or backup feature like micr_oso_ft 's to do , and many other . why people think this app easy , it 's not . i donated on this app and wasted .
dont work , the best it got was the vibration notification worked . i ca n't get any sound at all from this app .
would be nice if you could import tasks from other applications , but not only is that a problem , but importing from a previous version of tasks is impossible too ? nevermind . i 'll just stick to what i got .
i deleted a list but i still get alarms for one of the tasks in that list , even after restarting my phone .
yes , i started with a 3 star review , but i did drop it down to a 1 star review . why ? the developed asked me to send a screenshot of a spontaneous mismatch between what i typed and what the app accepted as my task . as per every `` busy '' developer , he requested for me to email so that he quietly resolves the problem . i will not do so ; he may take off my review , but every user be warned : you may retype your tasks with this app only for the program to clear it when exitting the edit menu .
edit : i 'm using this application many year since release . and i 'm loved it and donate , now you make this application subscription $ 15 a year ? really ? ? not happy with that ...
garbage . the one time i ca n't remember if i checked the notification for taking my medication or not , there was no way to go and see which days i checked it or not . what 's the point of that ?
a simple app that could not be more complicated to operate .
lag all the time
always missing the notifications even when it is not optimized and restricted in background .
need to make more convinient i just set 3 time alarm for the task but it didnt work
i removed this paid app . i missed about a dozen events over the few months i owned this . i would look at the app a few minutes after an event was supposed to pop up , and it showed that it had missed . i 'm trying out simple calendar , which testing seems to work better .
dear developers , thank you for deleting all my reminders after updating the app ! it was not pleasant at all , believe me !
i do not like the functionality of the app . i found it is very easy to delete a sub list . but if you create a second list i could not figure out how to delete it after going through all settings . i also did not like the fact that you can only add one item within the sub list . other people may be okay with these nuances , but for me it 's not . i only use this app for about a half an hour and then deleted it .
recurrent tasks do n't work
used to work ok , now , something is skrewy . now , if i restart my phone , every single task comes up as a notification , never mind of when the tasks were/are due , and the schedule i set . now , after i dismiss tasks , they pop up again , ignoring its schedule . also , wish app could remember which day the task is for . if you have a daily task that you complete after midnight , it thinks you completed it early and wo n't remind you later that day . finally , wish app opened to an overview of all lists .
i just removed this app ! i missed several events in the last couple of months because it did not notify me ! ! ! ! !
after few months it started not checking the task . i mean i check and few hours later it is unchecked . it should be cleared and the next date for the same task should be displayed , example : task 1 to date 01/jan/2019 and repeat task 1 to date 01/feb/2019 . after checking the task for january the task for february should be displayed , but after some time the task for january is unchecked .
ca n't rely for reminders . no alarm comes even if i select alarm . because of relying on this app i missed an important task .
needlessly compicated for a to do list app . try to add a new item to your list and youll accidentally add a new list . try to swipe to switch between lists and youll remove an item from your list . what did you just remove ? hard to say , cant seem to find an undo option among the numerous other options .
at the beginning was good but i wait two months later and the app keep putting back as not done reminders that i mark as done already and the other task that have date and mark as priority do n't even showed me , if you can fix that ill stay with the app otherwise i will keep looking ... sadly the only remid app that work good was the apple one but i do n't have iphone anymore so ? came on please make this one work
i cant even get on thing on the opening page much less start a list ? ?
thought this was a great app until i realized it does n't get rid of the `` checked '' daily tasks to remind you of the new daily tasks ... and that is exactly what i was using this for ... daily tasks i need done . when i check `` remove checked tasks '' it does nothing and those checked tasks just stay there . : (
do n't use this unless you sync your tasks . the backup and restore functionality from one device to the next is bad .
it does n't ring the alarm at the right time . only when i open my phone , it starts ringing . useless for me because i want it to ring at the right time and remind me on my realme phone . highly disappointed ! : (
why was i charged $ 1.49 for this app ? i was charged 2/4/2020 .
i set a reminder to do a task daily at a certain time , however , this app does not retain the same time on the daily reminders . it will remind you and set the task to do but at an earlier time .
i do n't get a notification or any alarm after i set the due date reminder at all . i 've already tried a couple of times how do i fix this . my settings also allow notifications for the app . also how do i set widget on home screen thanks .
looked good , but was n't . after installing tasks , my keyboard stopped appearing for all my apps . it was only when i removed tasks ( as a last resort ) that the keyboard appeared again .
well it 's broken now . i have n't messed with any settings in or out of the app and now there 's no alarm . it just vibrates . i checked and it all still has the alarms and correct sounds yet it only vibrates when it shows a reminder . why do these reminder apps always break ?
does n't have a built-in backup and even after exporting a backup file - an error shows up . additionally , the support email is an invalid email address . a total waist of time for setting it .
why is n't this app getting downloaded there is some issue with the app it had been recommended to me by my buddy but this thing is n't getting installed on my phone
too complicated , trying to add items to a list , it keeps trying to use the item names instead to make a new list or send the old list to this .
when i share a list with someone over messenger or sms , just the name of the list is shared , not the actual list with an ability to collaborate
no instructions i ca n't even get started because there are no instructions . i put in list title groceries and that 's it when i try to make a list it asks for sub titles wo n't let me even start a list just sends ya in circles delete delete
terrible ! ! ! i 'm not getting the pre alerts i set or the reminders themselves . i go in to check on upcoming reminders & see outdated ones in red that never alerted me ! !
it was alright in the beginning but search bar disappeared after adding my tasks . guess there is bug who ca n't handle long task list . not recommending .
i use it for awhile then deleted : thumbs_down : it is take more time to use than other note apps. , confusing and have no reason to keep it : star : many better note apps out there : star :
app is very buggy . completed tasks keep showing up as not completed . notification alarm wo n't work . uninstalling .
when you try to write a task and you want to set the reminder at the same time you have to make a reminder for each one and its wasting my time . if i could i would rate this app 0 stars
absolutely terrible . most unless app i have downloaded , to date .
i settled an alarm on this app . but it never popped up . this looks like a great app but please fix this . all my notifications in this app is open .
was really enjoying this & then the notifications just stopped which is a big part of what i needed the app for : ( annoying , finding a new app for this now
ive tried this app 2 times . its great but everytime i use it it installs pop up adds all over my phone . as soon as i go to open one app their is an add ... not cool . i deleted it for the 3 and final time .
this app will not update nor uninstall properly . fix it and i 'll try it again .
it was great until it disappeared . very unhappy that i lost the app and all my info .
my mobile is getting switched off after installing.it worked fine on 1st day of installing . please fix it
app is awesome , but in this no login facility and assign task
too much setup . i just want to write my notes not title & subtitle everything ! on the plus side , no permissions : slightly_smiling_face :
alarms and notifications do n't work which is crucial to an organiser
do not have the account sync feature , how we backup data when we change device ? !
swipe to delete is terrible . takes almost 5 swipes so work rendering the app useless .
tried making a simple to do list . was gone when i went back later
i am not able to set the time . it is automatically taking the remainder timing
loved for a while . one fine day my subtasks got deleted . it was in a task for which i did n't set any due date . bad experience .
what should i do if i want more sublists ? ! there is no way ! : slightly_frowning_face :
unable to manage easily .. complicated
after a week my tasks never showed up . completely stopped working : thumbs_up :
i wanted a to do list .. this is not such .. continually asking to name things unnecessarily complicated ~ kiss
can only put 5 tasks before having to pay
this app just isnt for me
does n't allow you to do a samsung back up and restore
awful hard to start , impossible to figure out
does n't sync to calendar
notifications only come up when you come app
the alarm does n't work
how can one trust an app that is supposed 2 help organize , when u misspell `` organize . ''
i consider it as not easy to use .
only get about half of the reminders
worst apk reminder not work
it'hs just too complicate to use for me
reminders are not showing notifications for the past 1 week to me sir .. : crying_face :
: pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : : ghost : :skull_and_crossbones : impossible to delete list , or sub lists ( tabs ) ! ! ! : skull_and_crossbones : :ghost : regret v2.0 upgrade ! ! : thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down :
too hard to use
not good . wasted time .
this app is not the best .
it doesnt do any thing its gliched everytime i open it
no hourly reminder .
it 's takes a lot of space
does n't even have a repeat feature
date , no time .
i do n't want to name everything ! ! ! ! ! ! : persevering_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face :
hard to set up
it 's too difficult to understand
does not work
very pricey
bad
over complicated
terrible app
too complicated
too complicated and time consuming to set a task . no way to repeat on a monthly basis and specific day of the week at the same time . not worth the time it takes to use it . uninstalling .
when i set to remind me daily it shows even in past and it does n't remind me kindly let me know the way to set it proper
why is n't this app getting downloaded there is some issue with the app it had been recommended to me by my buddy but this thing is n't getting installed on my phone
why was i charged $ 1.49 for this app ? i was charged 2/4/2020 .
monthly payments for a todo app ? not gon na happen , thank you .
too hard to use
lag all the time
what should i do if i want more sublists ? ! there is no way ! : slightly_frowning_face :
scheduling reminder intervals does not work ! ! ! !
this app just isnt for me
usless
can only put 5 tasks before having to pay
i just removed this app ! i missed several events in the last couple of months because it did not notify me ! ! ! ! !
subscription only . no outright purchase . too bad . seems like a nice app .
used it until simple backup was premiumized . restore wont work between different versions unless you modi-hack the file . author would not tell you that you can do it though if you ask his help ! . restore dont recognize my backup file at all so all my lists are basically inaccessible now . will never install this again and i suggest anyone who values his data not to !
very pricey
has no sign in option only export and the file wo n't open , so unless you have an it friend you lose your file which meant all the stuff i put in tasks has gotten lost . if the developer revolves this is i will edit this review .
the alarm does n't work
definitely i appropriate your hard work and this app different from all those big guys apps , but question is if someone lost the phone or uninstalled the app , what is the purpose this app ? , so i 'm just suggesting , > you can limit the how many task can be added by users without premium > opt . in ads for auto backup
i deleted a list but i still get alarms for one of the tasks in that list , even after restarting my phone .
an average task manager that asks 16gbp for the annual subscription ? no thanks and there are better free and paid alternatives that are better organised .
dont work , the best it got was the vibration notification worked . i ca n't get any sound at all from this app .
i removed this paid app . i missed about a dozen events over the few months i owned this . i would look at the app a few minutes after an event was supposed to pop up , and it showed that it had missed . i 'm trying out simple calendar , which testing seems to work better .
i remember the days when you bought an app and owned it .. now every developer wants to lock you into a lifetime subscription process where they can charge you for eternity . i simply refuse to rent my own notepad .
need to make more convinient i just set 3 time alarm for the task but it didnt work
i cant even get on thing on the opening page much less start a list ? ?
bad
yes , i started with a 3 star review , but i did drop it down to a 1 star review . why ? the developed asked me to send a screenshot of a spontaneous mismatch between what i typed and what the app accepted as my task . as per every `` busy '' developer , he requested for me to email so that he quietly resolves the problem . i will not do so ; he may take off my review , but every user be warned : you may retype your tasks with this app only for the program to clear it when exitting the edit menu .
a simple app that could not be more complicated to operate .
no hourly reminder .
this app is not the best .
: pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : : ghost : :skull_and_crossbones : impossible to delete list , or sub lists ( tabs ) ! ! ! : skull_and_crossbones : :ghost : regret v2.0 upgrade ! ! : thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down : :pile_of_poo : :thumbs_down :
absolutely terrible . most unless app i have downloaded , to date .
always missing the notifications even when it is not optimized and restricted in background .
no good
only get about half of the reminders
awful hard to start , impossible to figure out
would be nice if you could import tasks from other applications , but not only is that a problem , but importing from a previous version of tasks is impossible too ? nevermind . i 'll just stick to what i got .
edit : i 'm using this application many year since release . and i 'm loved it and donate , now you make this application subscription $ 15 a year ? really ? ? not happy with that ...
i do not like the functionality of the app . i found it is very easy to delete a sub list . but if you create a second list i could not figure out how to delete it after going through all settings . i also did not like the fact that you can only add one item within the sub list . other people may be okay with these nuances , but for me it 's not . i only use this app for about a half an hour and then deleted it .
recurrent tasks do n't work
not good . wasted time .
ca n't rely for reminders . no alarm comes even if i select alarm . because of relying on this app i missed an important task .
there are better and simple other apps which provide automatic online sync or backup feature like micr_oso_ft 's to do , and many other . why people think this app easy , it 's not . i donated on this app and wasted .
over complicated
extremely unintuitive .
garbage . the one time i ca n't remember if i checked the notification for taking my medication or not , there was no way to go and see which days i checked it or not . what 's the point of that ?
dear developers , thank you for deleting all my reminders after updating the app ! it was not pleasant at all , believe me !
loved for a while . one fine day my subtasks got deleted . it was in a task for which i did n't set any due date . bad experience .
do n't use this unless you sync your tasks . the backup and restore functionality from one device to the next is bad .
it'hs just too complicate to use for me
pangit
too complicated
was really enjoying this & then the notifications just stopped which is a big part of what i needed the app for : ( annoying , finding a new app for this now
terrible app
worst apk reminder not work
does n't sync to calendar
well it 's broken now . i have n't messed with any settings in or out of the app and now there 's no alarm . it just vibrates . i checked and it all still has the alarms and correct sounds yet it only vibrates when it shows a reminder . why do these reminder apps always break ?
used to work ok , now , something is skrewy . now , if i restart my phone , every single task comes up as a notification , never mind of when the tasks were/are due , and the schedule i set . now , after i dismiss tasks , they pop up again , ignoring its schedule . also , wish app could remember which day the task is for . if you have a daily task that you complete after midnight , it thinks you completed it early and wo n't remind you later that day . finally , wish app opened to an overview of all lists .
nice good
how can one trust an app that is supposed 2 help organize , when u misspell `` organize . ''
does n't allow you to do a samsung back up and restore
does n't have a built-in backup and even after exporting a backup file - an error shows up . additionally , the support email is an invalid email address . a total waist of time for setting it .
i do n't want to name everything ! ! ! ! ! ! : persevering_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face : :angry_face :
it was great until it disappeared . very unhappy that i lost the app and all my info .
it does n't ring the alarm at the right time . only when i open my phone , it starts ringing . useless for me because i want it to ring at the right time and remind me on my realme phone . highly disappointed ! : (
i do n't get a notification or any alarm after i set the due date reminder at all . i 've already tried a couple of times how do i fix this . my settings also allow notifications for the app . also how do i set widget on home screen thanks .
it doesnt do any thing its gliched everytime i open it
i wanted a to do list .. this is not such .. continually asking to name things unnecessarily complicated ~ kiss
too complicated , trying to add items to a list , it keeps trying to use the item names instead to make a new list or send the old list to this .
when you try to write a task and you want to set the reminder at the same time you have to make a reminder for each one and its wasting my time . if i could i would rate this app 0 stars
when i share a list with someone over messenger or sms , just the name of the list is shared , not the actual list with an ability to collaborate
swipe to delete is terrible . takes almost 5 swipes so work rendering the app useless .
after few months it started not checking the task . i mean i check and few hours later it is unchecked . it should be cleared and the next date for the same task should be displayed , example : task 1 to date 01/jan/2019 and repeat task 1 to date 01/feb/2019 . after checking the task for january the task for february should be displayed , but after some time the task for january is unchecked .
my mobile is getting switched off after installing.it worked fine on 1st day of installing . please fix it
too much setup . i just want to write my notes not title & subtitle everything ! on the plus side , no permissions : slightly_smiling_face :
i consider it as not easy to use .
useless . so confusing to use . cant set simple reminders
reminders are not showing notifications for the past 1 week to me sir .. : crying_face :
thought this was a great app until i realized it does n't get rid of the `` checked '' daily tasks to remind you of the new daily tasks ... and that is exactly what i was using this for ... daily tasks i need done . when i check `` remove checked tasks '' it does nothing and those checked tasks just stay there . : (
terrible ! ! ! i 'm not getting the pre alerts i set or the reminders themselves . i go in to check on upcoming reminders & see outdated ones in red that never alerted me ! !
i use it for awhile then deleted : thumbs_down : it is take more time to use than other note apps. , confusing and have no reason to keep it : star : many better note apps out there : star :
ive tried this app 2 times . its great but everytime i use it it installs pop up adds all over my phone . as soon as i go to open one app their is an add ... not cool . i deleted it for the 3 and final time .
alarms and notifications do n't work which is crucial to an organiser
looked good , but was n't . after installing tasks , my keyboard stopped appearing for all my apps . it was only when i removed tasks ( as a last resort ) that the keyboard appeared again .
needlessly compicated for a to do list app . try to add a new item to your list and youll accidentally add a new list . try to swipe to switch between lists and youll remove an item from your list . what did you just remove ? hard to say , cant seem to find an undo option among the numerous other options .
useless
app is awesome , but in this no login facility and assign task
i settled an alarm on this app . but it never popped up . this looks like a great app but please fix this . all my notifications in this app is open .
this app will not update nor uninstall properly . fix it and i 'll try it again .
at the beginning was good but i wait two months later and the app keep putting back as not done reminders that i mark as done already and the other task that have date and mark as priority do n't even showed me , if you can fix that ill stay with the app otherwise i will keep looking ... sadly the only remid app that work good was the apple one but i do n't have iphone anymore so ? came on please make this one work
unable to manage easily .. complicated
date , no time .
it was alright in the beginning but search bar disappeared after adding my tasks . guess there is bug who ca n't handle long task list . not recommending .
notifications only come up when you come app
i set a reminder to do a task daily at a certain time , however , this app does not retain the same time on the daily reminders . it will remind you and set the task to do but at an earlier time .
tried making a simple to do list . was gone when i went back later
app is very buggy . completed tasks keep showing up as not completed . notification alarm wo n't work . uninstalling .
sucks
i am not able to set the time . it is automatically taking the remainder timing
i loved this app at first , but now when i change my task dates/times , it does n't actually change them , and continues to alert me at the original time even though i 've clearly changed it . it 's very annoying .
almost what i need , except there 's no option to set a start & end time with reminder for the start . so it 's useless ( for me ) .
while swiping towards right the tasks are getting deleted . at least it should ask for confirmation whether the delete is happening accidentally or we really want to delete .
reminder notification not on time for about an hour so it is inconvenient
i like how its organized and how many choices and the customization . but , i set alarms and keep in mind , i have all permissions on , and it didnt go on my screen , so i missed a very important meeting .
had high hopes for this because it had everything i wanted but the completed tasks that i keep putting as completed come back the next day which is just irritating . have tried all the settings to get of it but i ca n't and ca n't be bothered to persevere anymore
i really want to love this app but it wo n't even let me select pm so its constantly telling me its past the due date , which makes the app very useless to me .
would like to assign priority rating to each task ( a=do it soon , b=do it later , c=low priority , z=take it off the list )
while changing list , by scrolling right to left , task get deleted , it 's very confusing
why would tasks be tabs instead of a list ? the whole screen is empty and you make us scroll tabs : o
switching from one list to another stinks . otherwise helpful
not sure why everyone 's given this such high reviews . the reminders do n't work for me , which makes the whole point of having this app useless
i actually really like this app but one of the biggest features that needs to work properly for my routines is repeating reminders . i set reminds for monthly bills such as rent , and set it to repeat `` monthly '' . but when i complete the task , it uncompletes itself the very next day without setting the reminder to the next month . basically if i set it to november 1st , it tries to remind me again , daily , on november 1st . it does n't work . i love the app but the most important feature is broken sadly .
not able to install on more than two devices . i found this frustrating as i had one phone stolen and another broke . now i can ’ t download on my new phone because it ’ s already on the other with my main email . does not allow another email . not too pleased about this .
app is unable to manage recurring tasks . app has almost everything , but it fails on managing recurring task . after setting the task to be of repeat type , marking task completed for a specific day is marking entire task as completed .. ! ! ! and for this only reason , i had to uninstall . please make necessary changes and inform .
cancel means stop the action ... not throw away all the notes i just made ... sorry but this was suppse to save time not waste ideas and planning ... poor comms from app on a normalized ui function . first go and really turned me off , could be lots more awesome , but things like this and not being able to recover the info quickly then ... not acceptable when doing business tasks nowadays .
awesome app , the only missing thing is that you can only set a date , i would like to have buttons to remind me later on the day . or on the next day , or next week . update : no what i meant , is that i want to say remind me today and not remind me at date today at specific time . update : i would then receive the notification , at a specific time 5 hours later or something that can be altered in the settings . and also i do n't want to put in a date ! look at the app ticktick has exactly what i want . : )
28 oct 2018 : same problem . repeating tasks do not update and advance to next due date when completed . checks it as done and then unchecks sometime at night with previous due date . 27 oct 2018 : after hearing back from the author , giving it another shot . put two repeating tasks on it . see how it goes . 27 oct 2018 : this app did n't work as well for me . it would regularly uncheck tasks i 'd completed or check tasks i 'd not completed . the repeating task function did n't work well either .
looking as everyone else 's very +ve reviews . i seem to be the odd one out but i did n't find it straightforward . it is too easy to delete a list ( on my s9 at least ) with even a slight bit of a swipe . once deleted it is lost . why not have a 'back ' or 'undo ' button ? personally i do n't find the heading , group , list structure particularly straightforward although i 've now got used to it .
simple app , widget is bad ( left side has a bar that ruins symmetry , also you cant remove the new task button ) , also , why can i change list color but cant change button color ? would also be cool to preview what `` compact/cozy '' and whatnot settings do instead of having to select them one by one , leave settings , and go back in to change them again . all in all , its almost a 5 star app , but the nuissances ruin the experience a bit .
it is not very flexible . it 's a pain to make sub lists and quickly edit them . i wish when the app opened you see a list of all of your major tasks or a calendar . if these things are possible , maybe adding a tutorial feature when the app first downloads and opens would help streamline the experience .
no subscription tank you . please full price . i no lack forever .
without syncing to the cloud this todo app is unfortunately worthless . love it otherwise and would have given it 4 or 5 stars . please add sync since in my quest to find a good todo app this is the only one i 've seen that does n't sync anywhere between devices .
too complicated to save and add .
it was okay but when i tried to set a reminder for 15 minutes from now it said reminders set in the past will not show . that is extremely inconvenient and annoying . i tried setting it for 15 minutes from now but did n't work . would have given five stars if it was n't for this issue
got it primarily for reminders . it has a lot of settings for how you want your alarms or notifications , but those are pretty useless when they do n't work . did n't get a single notification to remind me of the stuff i set up .
bad experience as the events created ( ex : birthdays , anniversaries , etc . ) in alarm mode is working only sometimes ! ! in such situations , the event is just turning `` red '' ( but alarm is not ringing ) as if i missed the event ... ! !
not competent at scheduling . recurring tasks are automatically `` completed '' if not checked by the scheduled time . there is no way to know if you missed it . the interface is pleasant though .
liked the prioritization by dragging and the highlighting , but there does not seem to be a way to create recurring tasks . that 's a deal -breaker for me . i 'm uninstalling
app maybe okay , but its very confusing to understand . i have tried about 30 min to set a simple task for a particular date , but it doesnt show up anywhere . so , i will keep looking for a more simplyfied app . sorry .
i hate how you can not open the app and see all your lists there . you have to have one open at all times and it does not show a list of your list on the home screen . deleting this app for this reason . too bad ... the rest is great . but they need a home screen . they do n't have one .
trying to switch from wunderlist and the import option does n't work or give any assistance to troubleshoot . i just get the message `` file not found '' with nothing else to say where it 's looking for the file so i can get it in the right place .
tasks that repeat more than once daily dont work , if you have something that is twice a day you have to have two separate tasks . if you leave a task pending until the following day and complete it , it will never work again .
to do list apps , like this one , are not useful without the capability of using recurring tasks . too bad because the interface is otherwise well done .
i keep completing tasks , and the next day they open automatically again and the notification pops up . its very irritating and confusing . what 's the point of opening a completed task ? maybe you need to add an option to permanently close repeat tasks vs close them for that day
so far the app is great . would get 5 stars if it had a tabbing feature where you can side over to each task name instead of having to go to the menu button to switch .
due date is wonky . i made a few items on my list and the due will not change from the current day . the due date worked on other items . i do n't need another app to work around .
decent app but does not seem to be able to sync with my google calendar . without that it is pretty useless to me . i like that sub-tasks are listed as an indent to the main task not as a seperate task .
setting am/pm is not easy
it was pretty good on my old phone . then when everything was ported to my new one , the app came , but not the lists i 'd made . what 's the point of that ? ! i 've deleted it .
i love nearly everything about this app , but it eats up the battery on my phone like crazy because it is always running in the background .
using this apps , i can guarantee you will never remember one single task . needs more improvements to be classified under reminders category .
your condescending attitude is not helping yor case . there is a sublist reorder but nothing for the main list . there is no sort of any kind says sort by do date or lets you pick what to sort by , a logic choice . completed tasks need to change imiediately so you know it 's completed & next month is set . i did n't say it was n't simple . the interface is not very intuitive . i did look at help & there is little for the main list . you are very irritating so i am going to try other choices .
please make a home screen where it shows your active main tasks allowing you to just press and view them without having to click the top left button snd select . this would be very convenient . thank you .
i found the white text against many of the colors very difficult to read .
no easy way to import/export tasks in a compatible format ( e.g . google tasks )
i had a reminder set with a certain sound & it never went off
does not have a recurring task feature . useless for me .
recurence tasks does not work properly , otherwise i would give 4 starts .
i do n't understand why it 's not letting me type in it . it gets hanged everytime . i meant that amake ora onek birokto kortese .... sorry i speak only bahamian
you should have name to change date with `` yesterday '' `` today '' `` tomorrow '' ( not number ) on widget view
seriously ? how did it get a 4.8 ? i ca n't even find an add button anywhere ? ? ? unless i go to the top left corner ? nah . not for me
ca n't put cute stickers on them no cuteness on phone
cant complete subtasks through widget .. huge turn off
not working on xperia e1 !
skips reminders until i pick up and check my phone . then they go off : confounded_face :
wish i could sync it across multiple devices : (
i uninstalled the app because it sends my phone info to the developer
dont this app have repeat task feature ?
keeps me on top of things
i 'd like to know how to create home screen widgets .
just started using it , but so far so good
hard to use
useless . no nesting
not so good
stupid auto correct
useful .
le partage est tres nul .... cest juste un texte envoyé a l autre ...
it worked for the first week . now i ca n't add a task without it crashing .
in this app reminder does n't work
repeat function doesnt work , so you ca n't set up tasks to be repeated daily .. you can basically create a list and then delete items as they are completed . that is all this does . basically useless for anything other than a shopping list .
repeat function does not work making the app useless as a task list . might as well use my calendar . almost missed a credit card payment because this app did n't repeat the task .
it does n't ring to notify me
no google tasks integration .
dates and times ? no such thing here sure you can colorcode and organize and sort your tasks to death , but strangely enough there 's no changing when a reminder will go off , no setting when a task is due ( perhaps if you used this for work or a meeting ) , or not even the ability to set a due date for a task . it can be put in the details , but when time is of the essence you 're better off using a better task app
it sounded good , so i installed it . my first task is an annual subscription reminder . this app does n't offer an annual reminder so , yet again , i 'd have to use two different apps for tasks . why ca n't anyone get this right .
no custom repeat frequency ...
does this app truly have reminders ? ? it refused to remind me of my event
please make it available as a widget .
this was ok for a few days but now when i open it it is just a blank screen and i have lost all my tasks . very annoying as these were important reminders !
was excited for this app . but the fact i ca n't change the notification alarm is a deal breaker .
complicated
reminder notification not on time for about an hour so it is inconvenient
i loved this app at first , but now when i change my task dates/times , it does n't actually change them , and continues to alert me at the original time even though i 've clearly changed it . it 's very annoying .
no subscription tank you . please full price . i no lack forever .
while swiping towards right the tasks are getting deleted . at least it should ask for confirmation whether the delete is happening accidentally or we really want to delete .
your condescending attitude is not helping yor case . there is a sublist reorder but nothing for the main list . there is no sort of any kind says sort by do date or lets you pick what to sort by , a logic choice . completed tasks need to change imiediately so you know it 's completed & next month is set . i did n't say it was n't simple . the interface is not very intuitive . i did look at help & there is little for the main list . you are very irritating so i am going to try other choices .
almost what i need , except there 's no option to set a start & end time with reminder for the start . so it 's useless ( for me ) .
not able to install on more than two devices . i found this frustrating as i had one phone stolen and another broke . now i can ’ t download on my new phone because it ’ s already on the other with my main email . does not allow another email . not too pleased about this .
i really want to love this app but it wo n't even let me select pm so its constantly telling me its past the due date , which makes the app very useless to me .
setting am/pm is not easy
dont this app have repeat task feature ?
i like how its organized and how many choices and the customization . but , i set alarms and keep in mind , i have all permissions on , and it didnt go on my screen , so i missed a very important meeting .
while changing list , by scrolling right to left , task get deleted , it 's very confusing
keeps me on top of things
not sure why everyone 's given this such high reviews . the reminders do n't work for me , which makes the whole point of having this app useless
would like to assign priority rating to each task ( a=do it soon , b=do it later , c=low priority , z=take it off the list )
app is unable to manage recurring tasks . app has almost everything , but it fails on managing recurring task . after setting the task to be of repeat type , marking task completed for a specific day is marking entire task as completed .. ! ! ! and for this only reason , i had to uninstall . please make necessary changes and inform .
hard to use
useful .
too complicated to save and add .
had high hopes for this because it had everything i wanted but the completed tasks that i keep putting as completed come back the next day which is just irritating . have tried all the settings to get of it but i ca n't and ca n't be bothered to persevere anymore
why would tasks be tabs instead of a list ? the whole screen is empty and you make us scroll tabs : o
i actually really like this app but one of the biggest features that needs to work properly for my routines is repeating reminders . i set reminds for monthly bills such as rent , and set it to repeat `` monthly '' . but when i complete the task , it uncompletes itself the very next day without setting the reminder to the next month . basically if i set it to november 1st , it tries to remind me again , daily , on november 1st . it does n't work . i love the app but the most important feature is broken sadly .
cancel means stop the action ... not throw away all the notes i just made ... sorry but this was suppse to save time not waste ideas and planning ... poor comms from app on a normalized ui function . first go and really turned me off , could be lots more awesome , but things like this and not being able to recover the info quickly then ... not acceptable when doing business tasks nowadays .
switching from one list to another stinks . otherwise helpful
useless . no nesting
not working on xperia e1 !
i do n't understand why it 's not letting me type in it . it gets hanged everytime . i meant that amake ora onek birokto kortese .... sorry i speak only bahamian
it was okay but when i tried to set a reminder for 15 minutes from now it said reminders set in the past will not show . that is extremely inconvenient and annoying . i tried setting it for 15 minutes from now but did n't work . would have given five stars if it was n't for this issue
tasks that repeat more than once daily dont work , if you have something that is twice a day you have to have two separate tasks . if you leave a task pending until the following day and complete it , it will never work again .
decent app but does not seem to be able to sync with my google calendar . without that it is pretty useless to me . i like that sub-tasks are listed as an indent to the main task not as a seperate task .
i keep completing tasks , and the next day they open automatically again and the notification pops up . its very irritating and confusing . what 's the point of opening a completed task ? maybe you need to add an option to permanently close repeat tasks vs close them for that day
please make a home screen where it shows your active main tasks allowing you to just press and view them without having to click the top left button snd select . this would be very convenient . thank you .
trying to switch from wunderlist and the import option does n't work or give any assistance to troubleshoot . i just get the message `` file not found '' with nothing else to say where it 's looking for the file so i can get it in the right place .
i hate how you can not open the app and see all your lists there . you have to have one open at all times and it does not show a list of your list on the home screen . deleting this app for this reason . too bad ... the rest is great . but they need a home screen . they do n't have one .
app maybe okay , but its very confusing to understand . i have tried about 30 min to set a simple task for a particular date , but it doesnt show up anywhere . so , i will keep looking for a more simplyfied app . sorry .
wish i could sync it across multiple devices : (
i love nearly everything about this app , but it eats up the battery on my phone like crazy because it is always running in the background .
recurence tasks does not work properly , otherwise i would give 4 starts .
stupid auto correct
cant complete subtasks through widget .. huge turn off
using this apps , i can guarantee you will never remember one single task . needs more improvements to be classified under reminders category .
skips reminders until i pick up and check my phone . then they go off : confounded_face :
le partage est tres nul .... cest juste un texte envoyé a l autre ...
it is not very flexible . it 's a pain to make sub lists and quickly edit them . i wish when the app opened you see a list of all of your major tasks or a calendar . if these things are possible , maybe adding a tutorial feature when the app first downloads and opens would help streamline the experience .
i found the white text against many of the colors very difficult to read .
i 'd like to know how to create home screen widgets .
not so good
not competent at scheduling . recurring tasks are automatically `` completed '' if not checked by the scheduled time . there is no way to know if you missed it . the interface is pleasant though .
complicated
i uninstalled the app because it sends my phone info to the developer
just started using it , but so far so good
simple app , widget is bad ( left side has a bar that ruins symmetry , also you cant remove the new task button ) , also , why can i change list color but cant change button color ? would also be cool to preview what `` compact/cozy '' and whatnot settings do instead of having to select them one by one , leave settings , and go back in to change them again . all in all , its almost a 5 star app , but the nuissances ruin the experience a bit .
awesome app , the only missing thing is that you can only set a date , i would like to have buttons to remind me later on the day . or on the next day , or next week . update : no what i meant , is that i want to say remind me today and not remind me at date today at specific time . update : i would then receive the notification , at a specific time 5 hours later or something that can be altered in the settings . and also i do n't want to put in a date ! look at the app ticktick has exactly what i want . : )
so far the app is great . would get 5 stars if it had a tabbing feature where you can side over to each task name instead of having to go to the menu button to switch .
it was pretty good on my old phone . then when everything was ported to my new one , the app came , but not the lists i 'd made . what 's the point of that ? ! i 've deleted it .
bad experience as the events created ( ex : birthdays , anniversaries , etc . ) in alarm mode is working only sometimes ! ! in such situations , the event is just turning `` red '' ( but alarm is not ringing ) as if i missed the event ... ! !
does not have a recurring task feature . useless for me .
you should have name to change date with `` yesterday '' `` today '' `` tomorrow '' ( not number ) on widget view
ca n't put cute stickers on them no cuteness on phone
to do list apps , like this one , are not useful without the capability of using recurring tasks . too bad because the interface is otherwise well done .
got it primarily for reminders . it has a lot of settings for how you want your alarms or notifications , but those are pretty useless when they do n't work . did n't get a single notification to remind me of the stuff i set up .
no easy way to import/export tasks in a compatible format ( e.g . google tasks )
liked the prioritization by dragging and the highlighting , but there does not seem to be a way to create recurring tasks . that 's a deal -breaker for me . i 'm uninstalling
28 oct 2018 : same problem . repeating tasks do not update and advance to next due date when completed . checks it as done and then unchecks sometime at night with previous due date . 27 oct 2018 : after hearing back from the author , giving it another shot . put two repeating tasks on it . see how it goes . 27 oct 2018 : this app did n't work as well for me . it would regularly uncheck tasks i 'd completed or check tasks i 'd not completed . the repeating task function did n't work well either .
looking as everyone else 's very +ve reviews . i seem to be the odd one out but i did n't find it straightforward . it is too easy to delete a list ( on my s9 at least ) with even a slight bit of a swipe . once deleted it is lost . why not have a 'back ' or 'undo ' button ? personally i do n't find the heading , group , list structure particularly straightforward although i 've now got used to it .
seriously ? how did it get a 4.8 ? i ca n't even find an add button anywhere ? ? ? unless i go to the top left corner ? nah . not for me
without syncing to the cloud this todo app is unfortunately worthless . love it otherwise and would have given it 4 or 5 stars . please add sync since in my quest to find a good todo app this is the only one i 've seen that does n't sync anywhere between devices .
i had a reminder set with a certain sound & it never went off
due date is wonky . i made a few items on my list and the due will not change from the current day . the due date worked on other items . i do n't need another app to work around .
it worked for the first week . now i ca n't add a task without it crashing .
in this app reminder does n't work
it does n't ring to notify me
no google tasks integration .
repeat function does not work making the app useless as a task list . might as well use my calendar . almost missed a credit card payment because this app did n't repeat the task .
repeat function doesnt work , so you ca n't set up tasks to be repeated daily .. you can basically create a list and then delete items as they are completed . that is all this does . basically useless for anything other than a shopping list .
no custom repeat frequency ...
dates and times ? no such thing here sure you can colorcode and organize and sort your tasks to death , but strangely enough there 's no changing when a reminder will go off , no setting when a task is due ( perhaps if you used this for work or a meeting ) , or not even the ability to set a due date for a task . it can be put in the details , but when time is of the essence you 're better off using a better task app
it sounded good , so i installed it . my first task is an annual subscription reminder . this app does n't offer an annual reminder so , yet again , i 'd have to use two different apps for tasks . why ca n't anyone get this right .
does this app truly have reminders ? ? it refused to remind me of my event
was excited for this app . but the fact i ca n't change the notification alarm is a deal breaker .
please make it available as a widget .
this was ok for a few days but now when i open it it is just a blank screen and i have lost all my tasks . very annoying as these were important reminders !
app is good , have lot of features , but i would suggest one basic thing that needs to be changed . in `` tasks '' app the menu can be reached by pressing the title icon . also to change the list we have to press the icon on top left corner of widget . it is different ( and little disturbing ) from normal process we are following since many years . please try to change the menu button on widget to the top left icon . thanks
this is by far the best and complete todo list app i have come across so far ... however the notification and alarm feature does n't work ... would have gotten a 5 star from me if that had worked . thank you .
is it true that non-premium version soon will loose any way for backup/restore or transfer to another phone ? if not true : please point to me what is the backup/restore way that stays in app in the future . thanks a lot ! . if true : that is really bad news - backup is a basic necessity , so non-premium version will become practically useless on the long term . in addition , premium costs twice as much for a single year than , let 's say osmand+ for eternity . and that is a much more complex app + the free version is completely usable within reasonable limits . tasks is a really nice app ( except that swichingt between sublists/lists is unreasonably slow ) with some unique and essential features . but this wracks it , it will drive me away . possibly others too . not a fair move to reduce base functionality like that . response to steven nottage 's response : that is fair enough , except for one important detail : all the people using your free app are now forced to decide - if they want to have a meaningful app - to pay or search for another app . premium app should only add features and not restrict free app 's capabilities . if you add worthwhile features with a fair pricing , people will buy it . lots of people spent time to set up their tasking system because the app had the right properties for them , now it looks like they were lured into using the app and then forcing them to pay . i payed for a number of apps ( all cheaper than yours btw . ) , and actually my plan was to pay/donate as soon as the slowness of switching between task lists disappear , because i thought the app is really useful and it deserves support . this change is different . i do not mean you should not ask for payment for cloud backup etc. , just that you should not remove the free local backup ( or any other feature ) . or that you should have omitted it from the free version from the start . best wishes ! response to steven nottage 's second response : actually you can clearly see from my review that i do not want everything for free . my problem is different . if we could not understand each other so far , perhaps it 's not worth trying any more . so i wo n't comment on the rest of your answer . all the best !
good . would like for completed tasks to automatically move to the bottom
it 's got a steep learning curve . and i do n't think it 's got good documentation & help [ faqs ] .
i want to be able to set so that the week starts from sunday . highly inconvenient for i frequently set the reminder wrongly . a day behind . please upgrade so that the week start from sunday .
very nice app , but there are a few bugs with the widget not really updating to the correct data e.g . - if you put the widget on home screen , change the name of the tasks list , it does n't update
why do not work reminders repeated monthly at all ? one-time yes , repeated no . what is wrong ?
good . but repeat mode is not working properly . i am looking for some other app
i downloaded this app because the other app i was using would n't always notify me . also , they recently decided to change from an analog clock face to having to scroll ( similar to a digital clock ) to set the due time . i tested this app before i started copying all my tasks , but i came across a problem . when creating a repeat , there is no way to set it to do a certain day of the month ( ie : the 3rd saturday of the month , or the last sunday of the month ) . this is a big issue for me because i have certain things i want to do , but it 's not always on the same date of the month . hopefully , this can be added/changed soon .
absolutely love this app and have been using it for months . different lists in different screens via the widget . unfortunately the widgets have become unresponsive and now i 'm looking for a new app . will this be fixed ? using huawei p20 pro mate for reference edit : i have reinstalled the app , taken the app off battery saver mode . when i reinstalled it is still the same , clicking on the widget does nothing , ca n't add tasks at all !
tasks helps me stay organized but i still want some option to be in it like if i want to copy a task from a list to another i should duplicate it in the the same list and then move it to the other list . i wish if i can directly duplicate it but not in the same list , instead in another list directly . but in general tasks is a very helpful app for organizing our life .
i really like it . but there 's one or two thing 's that need to be addit . i personally use it to make a list of book that planning to buy and read this year i know there 's other apps for this but love the check list style but i do n't like how it get deleted after 30 day at most it will be great if there is option for never delete plus adding a imagine option will be nice like wallpaper behind the task name
have n't used it a lot yet , but enjoying the simple way to add tasks
this app would do better with a calculator tat adds & subtracts shopping list columns with $ totals . also tabs/swipes for delete/retrieve.⁦ : thumbs_up_medium-dark_skin_tone : ⁩⁦ : thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone : ⁩update -- 2/16/20 . 1.you ca n't edit [ actual item ] on a list , like change it 's name . 2.and you ca n't see * or do a running sub total -add or subtract price totals.what good is a list tat when u put the price of a item your task list ca n't be more helpful when creating a cost grocery list or whatever , like [ hardware store ] items list ! ! ! so i deleted
just started hence neutral stars . i was going to write to the devs but i see you reply here . open is good . i do n't know what a filtered list is . that is my only confusion so far . i was interested in premium but put off by the monthly fee rather than a single license . meanwhile i was playing with the idea of selling each premium feature separately . that would give you information about what your users want - especially after you add computer support . feed the wolf you want , linux 1st .
its not a bad app at all , but it could be better . if you could keep track of how often you complete a task that would be better . like if you checked off every time you shampooed your hair it would be nice to keep track so you can change how much you shampoo if needed . also i feel like having a bar at the top to switch between lists makes more sense than the way it is now . you should still give it a try if you need something like this because you might like it better than i did .
good but ... still does not handle repeat events such as daylight savings time change ( i.e . setting a reminder for the second sunday of march each year to change clocks that do n't adjust automatically ) . does not handle `` last day of the month '' reminders well . also , the list should display an icon by repeating tasks . backup options are very limited , does not handle integration with e.g . dropbox . otherwise it would be perfect for my needs .
rather new to the app to rate it higher than a 3 at this time . but i like the results it is helping me to achieve . i expect improved time management as i get the app 's feature set up to serve me best . i sense i may rate it higher as i experience it benefits more . i do like using it better then wunderlist .
i liked a lot about this app , but unfortunately , there is no feature to repeat tasks ( hourly , daily , weekly , etc ) , which is kinda vital for me . without it , i ca n't recommend this app . much as i hate todoist 's subscription model , they seem to be the leader as of right now .
i just started using it . so i 'm not sure how good it is yet . i do really wish you could do bullet points like : * - - that you could check off . it would be much easier in some cases than a separate sub list . & that is currently what i need : sleepy_face : .
it 's a good app , but i wish it would allow multiple users to see each others task list and to send task to each other .
seems good so far . i might rate it higher after using it for longer but the annoying pop up messages forced me to either say i did n't like it or rate it now ... edit : to reply to the response . there was only the option to review now or say i did n't like it . i would have picked review later if that was there . edit 2 : thanks for taking my suggestion on board , i will update this review and rating once i have used the app more : thumbs_up :
really pretty good app ; but two problems ! 1. sometimes repeat weekly reminders do n't work at all , especially if you have n't ticked it the previous week ! 2. please allow multiple reminders for one event ! thanks , it 's really promising and useful otherwise !
i 've only had this app for about a week but so far so good . no ads ( as yet ) , very easy to use .
as i am a regular user of this app ... this app needs some update like the calendar based listing method . people will go to date and list the task ... another problem is so many color for list . it 's annoying ... who do n't like colors they can select one color for every task list ... that is all ... : slightly_smiling_face : :slightly_smiling_face : :slightly_smiling_face :
i do have a few problems but the app is fairly easy and i can keep up with everything quite well
it is good to organise the tasks . the only . problem is , i am not able to get reminders . i am setting the reminder but it is but showing
useful easy to use and fulfil my needs but i still did n't experience it 's use in sharing or groups
minimum 3 stars , no real problems so far . nothing to compare it to but its bright and keeping me organized .
i used to love this app but since my phone updated it no longer works . i recently uninstalled and re installed i hope it works or i 'll have to find something new : slightly_frowning_face :
those dots on the right of each item are gone . how do you reorder your to do items now ?
does it not have feature to set reminder daily , weekly , monthly and yearly ?
i do n't see where you can use voice to make tasks ? ?
it was fine until i found that to use features like syncing or transferring lists from an older app i had to upgrade to and pay for `` premium . '' felt like bait and switch .
more hierarchy on task options ?
i like how minimalistic the app is . it 's very easy to use and has just the necessary features . my biggest complaint is that i ca n't set a custom due date . whenever i tap the due date , i get predefined reminder and i ca n't seem to change it no matter what . i 'm using an lg q7 plus , do n't know if it 's a bug with the device or what . will update the score if this issue ever gets fixed .
this is a great app , and would be 5 stars . the reason it is n't , the early reminder notifications stopped working for me , at all . they had been working fine , then for no reason that i can find , they stopped . i 've tried reinstalling the app , but this did n't fix it . i am getting a reminder at the time my tasks are set for ( or 3 - 4 minutes late ) though . it 's incredibly frustrating as this is the only app i 've found that offers early reminders , and i 'm trying to use that to complete tasks on time .
this app is really very good and have a simple interface and easy to create tasks unlike other apps which are really cluttered . this is what i exactly needed . however , the problem is , if the phone is locked , it doesnt ring at all . also , the alarm doesnt go off at the right time . if i have set an alarm at 10am for a task , it some times goes at 10:10. if it is locked , it doesnt go at all . please please fix this .
hi stephen , i was getting used to using this instead of the late inbox reminders but some repeat reminders just are n't coming up anymore . high reviews and great until it was n't great . there should be an option to make recurring task reminders to not have `` due dates '' . it should come up and i can clear it without removing the reminder from showing up due to needing to move out the due date . can there be just an option to make a task not have a due date and make it recurring every so often ? thanks !
this app has great potential but is not there yet . example , if a task repeats but without notification , then you manually mark it completed . the task is shown as completed & should advance to the next scheduled date . instead it is showing up the next day as past due . but , if the task repeats with notification , then on the due date/time the system instantly advances the due date but does not show the task as completed so you have no record of the task due today & i have overlooked many . not good !
very good app but something lacl there is options default task set today , tommorow etc , one more problem when we add task in any list it automatically saved in other . other when we add task any date it demand time necessary it shoud be optinal
the most important features needed : 1 ) a multiple sort features like alphabetical , then by priority , date , etc ( we are talking about very organized people using these lists ) 2 ) a data import and export feature to backup & import lists ( csv files so the 500k+ people who used listmaster can transition to your app ) while keeping our info safe ( if our phone dies or is lost or stolen ) 3 ) a feature to attach files or pictures make all of these additional features for $ 1 month to get monthly income
i love lists , and i really love this easy to use app , however i also love making notes to myself of a * lengthy * nature ( usually when i 'm trying to go to sleep ) , like my thoughts on a subject or what id like to talk about to a friend , it would be amazing if there was a blank note page or lined page without all the frills of * dates and times and priority and complete * to compete with my eyes . i dislike having to have multiple apps for same basic function . i 'd chose this over all others . : thumbs_up :
the creating of tasks is pretty straightforward and easy to use but i do n't like the idea that tasks in filters are the same copy of tasks in lists . sometimes i change my mind with which tasks and lists go to which filters and if i want to remove the filter then it deletes all the tasks within it as well . i want to be able to delete the filter without having to delete the tasks themselves entirely .
i actually loooooove the app and use it to organise my life but it has now stopped updating as a widget . if i make changes to my lists on the app it will not change on the widget ?
suddenly stopped giving audio reminders . tried everything including re-installing and turning on all notifications . uninstalled .
love the interface and how easy and helpful it would be , but the alarms i set do not not ring . i gave permissions to this app already , yet it does n't . edit : thank you for letting me know it 's a huawei power saving issue ! are there any work-arounds the power saving mode on huawei to still allow this app to run ? the alarms are very important , without them the app is critically impaired on my device . haha . thanks !
so far it 's a nice , simple app that makes it easy to organise tasks . i am a fan if the widget to let me see different lists , but when i switch lists , it often unchecks what has already been done which kind of defeats the purpose . if this could be fixed i would increase the rating .
i loooove this app ! but , i have a note 10+ & it was destroying my battery . i had to uninstall it : loudly_crying_face :
i 'm using this app for quite some time , it has big problems which forcing me look for another app , it does n't remind me on time , all the reminders work when i open this app at that time it was too late .. what the use having this app .. please correct this problem or else i am happy the all the options and features .. thank you
so disappointed to lose everything . i did n't realize the app did n't save your lists . got a new phone and everything transferred but because this app does n't have you log in , everything is gone . i had several important lists saved to prepare for my upcoming baby and it 's all gone . i 'll never remember it all . time to look for something else to use . response : from the main screen i did n't see any prompting so did not know i was supposed to or how to .
like to check off sub-task via widget without opening app . ( checking off task without subtasks works fine ) . wish widget showed calendar . wish app had daily , weekly , monthly , yearly trends , wish app to sync to google calendar . would be nice if you could rearrange the components of a list ( ex : move note below subtasks ) btw , 3 of 5 is to me a strong like . you guys are doing a great job .
very useful and simple . nothing too fancy but still fun no complicated features . i love the multiple lists options and sub category lists . only glitch i find is returning to previous pages after typing ... often i have to just hit my home button and navigate all the way back to where i was ... but nothing too bad .
this app doesnt require your firstborn in order to function as similar apps do . the quick post function is great . however , unlike other similar apps , this doesnt have a widget feature to show what the upcoming daily task is on the screen . so for me , that is really unfortunate . if this changes , i will gladly give this a perfect rating .
great colors , list & notes with sub-lists , lots of options ... but terrible to navigate . very confusing and all over the place . : / if you want something very detailed , will spend the time to learn to use it , and want tons of colors to differiate your lists then this is for you .
i would have loved it if not for the fact that there is a problem with the widget on my huawei p20 , unfortunately it gets stuck often and can not click anything , i tried removing the widget and re-doing it , now it does n't even show my lists , and i have to go into the app to check or add things , which of course means once i 'm done with the current ones i 'll delete it . a task app with no immediate access on main screen is not too helpful ...
i just downloaded & installed this app . i was in search of an app that allows me to insert date and time stamp . preferably using a button on the screen . this way i can time stamp different sections in my notes and activities . however i did n't find that feature . would love to see that in this app as it needs quite a few of my requirements .
this application is very good . feature rich and most powerful . even though you should add few features in the app . 1- repeat frequency should have hourly and 30 minutes 2- add bullet points format in the notes section . like google keep have . 3- provide database backup option with google drive and dropbox .
seems laggy moving between lists and tabs after the latest update . no way to delete a parent list without manually deleting all sublists first ? edit : i see the delete option for subtasks , but how do you delete sublists and parent lists ? ( i understand it 's a hobby project , and i appreciate that . just making sure i 'm not missing something . )
i was hoping for similar to notes app on iphone . not even close . but i prob do n't know how to use it
sound now works but when i have the phone 's do not disturb feature on my wake up alarm task notifies but no sound . i have it set to ignore do not disturb and have it set to alarm . my other alarm app does sound off during this time but not as reliable as task , so it 's not my phone causing no sound issue , what else could it be stephen ? you get it working and you get 4 stars , restore still does not work , gave up on that .
it seems like a good app but i have n't found a way to enable a permanent notification for quick task adding . is it only possible ? edit : no , i mean a permanent notification that works like your widget , allowing to quickly add new tasks without opening the app . splendo and any . do have this feature for instance .
great job on the app , for improvements sake - i would make the lists have a font size option , or something where if the 'items ' in the to do list are more than a few words , they can look more organized , given that the square resides in the middle of the 'to do item ' , to me they seem a bit crammed together
if all you want is to make lists or be reminded of something once , then this is a great app . but if you want a reoccurring reminder .... forget it . it wo n't recreate the reminder for the next occurrence once you complete the first occurrence .
decent app , but not worthy of monthly fees . what happened to 1x pro licenses ?
i personally would like to add to this app , if i had a chance is change how the entires were set up . you had to make up the name . but it would make it better if it had a date and name . to me it feels like something you can do on a piece of paper . add more cool features that you ca n't find anywhere else .
i have to uninstalled this app on my phone soon i open the apps and trying to make things to do list .. it worked fine just i have trypophobia and those small circles/dot just freaking me out ... edit , the small circles/dots that i mean here is when i click new list next we fill the list name and it appears with small circles/dots in color for me who 's having this kind of phobia that kind of design is just scary .. aside of that your apps seems to be simple and easy to use .
want to put a line through items but leave them visible . do n't know how to manipulate to keep certain items from week to week , but cancel others . no instructions . but better than other apps that i 've seen .
one of the billions of to-do lists app . nothing special . unpredictable non-intuitive behavior , as usual . useless hints for features , that are obvious . i 've thrown this app away after the third time , when i accidentally removed my task while simply scrolling the list .
it was ok but only the first instance of the recurring events shows up on the list/calendar . it is important to see how recurring events impact the schedules in the future so users can avoid scheduling something on those dates/times .
the app is helpful and has nice features . i would give 5 stars but you apparently you are not able to transfer your lists to another device , unless you have exactly the same version . i had to create all my lists from scratch .
the app is great ! thank you for providing us this gem ! however we work in several devices , we are missing out the multidevice option ... and for that reason we may migrante elsewhere . hope it comes available , thx .
it it good but i could n't do simple lists . they would be in one big catagory then in a sub list and it just was n't the format i wanted
it 's actually sleek , beautiful , well-designed and exactly what i would want , but without syncing it becomes much less helpful . as soon as that feature is added i will reinstall this as my primary note app .
notification is not of up to my expectation . need to keep on reminding us until we check or tick it ... besides that .. the way of organizing the tasks and prioritizing them are perfect . i do love to continue using it if they update the notification part .
it 's a good app . however i 'm disappointed that thr alarm doesnt ring and bevause i missed the remainder i had to pay overdue library fees ! edit : the app 's creator is responsive and lovely : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : thanks for the advise , steve .
good app for setting daily tasks , if it had hourly reminders/alarms it would be great for me , being notified by alarm makes up for it though as most just have short notification sounds that i never hear .
good start , would love to see clean material design implemented . personally , i need the option of a full task list view in my task widget . again , good start .
seems nice . i wish there was a way to just do notes and not only tasks . also ... which there was a way to lock certain notes that may be private ... in case your phone is lost .
worked great in beginning . enjoy multiple lists & sublists . but now i have a task `` haunting '' me , it wo n't let me delete it . wrote developers , we 'll see . using sg8+ .
its not easily understood and it does not notify if you are setting a task that the due date or due time is past . i might want to set 16:00hrm task tomorrow at 18:00hrm today , it will still set the task and will think i have set a task . meanwhile the date is today
no white space between tasks . no line between tasks . checkboxes are in the middle of an item . one big block of text instead of neat list of tasks . just impossible to see where each task starts .
looks good . but does n't have web version . would be 5 stars if i was rating author 's dedication . functionality wise ca n't give more than 3. the app is inferior to any.do or microsofts todo
should not need to tap a notification alert each time i add a new item . should be by default like almost every other app . in testing it has only not worked once . could be great
i liked it but the due date you ca n't change only the due time . also getting the feature up for the due time is hard enough so going to try a different app .
nie ma możliwości ustawienia wyprzedzenia przypomnienia ani zwiększenia liczby przypomnień - dla mnie to wada . poza tym ok. the application is basically ok , but it is not possible to edit reminders . i would like to be able to set several reminders for one event at different times in advance . it would be good to have this option in the settings to set the default reminder advance .
it would be nice if they had the option to list tasks from top down instead of down up where your first task is at the top instead of at the bottom
from the reviews , this app sounds awesome . unfortunately , i ca n't use it because i need an app that syncs with google tasks .
it has reminders but would be great to show the due date as my reminders are often days before instead of on the due date itself and what heading it was put under so know which project 's task it is .
i like the app but i 'm not getting notifications of reminders . have checked all the settings , might be that my phone 's too old to be fully compatible
sub tasks should be possible to leave unticked - for instance i might have put the bins out , but not replaced bin bags . on your apo , if i tick the main task , it assumes i have done the sub task .
great app but tried backing up and restoring for a new phone and got a version mismatch error with no option to convert it . no mention of this beforr backing up . disappointing .
i could n't find a way to link to google tasks . that is my first priority so i have data backup and desktop list edits .
i love the app , but you can not add file to your task or schedule , this lack of ability to add file on such good app make it incomplete , i could have rated it 5
it does n't reset or set you reminders but it helps
its a nice app , but i always accidentally deleting a task when scrolling side to side . please remove the delete feature when scrolling between tasks . thanks
easy to use and keep my tasks in check . love that i can have different sub tasks for different projects though i wish they could vbe color coded so as to differentiate them
has good features although takes a very long time to figure out how the lists work .
looks very good , but i would love to see cloud sync , for example with google tasks .
could be easier to set up and save notes . was confusing at first but a good app
i miss an option for recurring tasks like do something every 3 days where if i check it a day later that automatically shifts all following tasks by one day .
works great ! easy to use , but i wish i had a daily organizer
it 's listing the same tasks after some time even after its checked and completed , in short it 's listing the status of tasks
i 'm find this app useful but i 'm trying to use it on my desktop ? is there a way to check off items on my laptop in this app ? i will change my score once answered thanks
it consumes too much ( 1/3 of the ) battery , otherwise it is great .
wish the reminder have had a repeat function ( e.g . every week ) , so i do n't have to recheck the tasks
it 's a great way to make a to do list , but it never gives reminders when i want it to .
just downloaded so far great , but i 'm looking for an application i can use between two or more , i.e . minors etc . where i can send a task via messenger for example . does this app upload if the other user also has task ?
it was good now alatm sound of tasks is full but sound is low only this app i have seperate alarm volume and its full
no need for floating button on widget i think , add button on widget needs to be smaller . also , possible to make the widget until 2x2 ?
the app is ok . it could be simpler to work . i had to fiddle around a bit and some persons may not have the patience to do so .
wish it would link to my calendar so i can create , edit and complete in one location .... that would make it 5 stars
nice but am looking for something that can synchronize with google tasks
how soon until the list sharing is available ? if soon , you have just earned a small business customer .
nice app the only challenge have seen is that sometimes the notifcation alarm does not work
this is really a great app . i 'm just finding difficult to put tasks in home widgets . could you tell me how to do this ?
easy to use , simple functionality but well done
its awesome but needs an improvement , it would be nice if i could visit my notes and edit my notes online in my pc not just through the phone
good app for task but should be linked with reminders .
i found this app difficult to use . that 's just my personal opinion . i uninstalled it and got a different one that is easier to use .
quick but need moree practice to add sub lines to proper list
just downloaded . seems to be a simple task / to do list that i was looking for . question . how do i get the app to be an onscreen widget , which is shown on the screen shots above ? ? thank you
good for notes , needs export , email options
implement collaborative lists please ! so crucial .
its a great app but need to add a version were you can restore your notes if lost my app got erased by accident and i dont have any of my notes saved please consider adding to the app
i have not been using app for very long . therefore the 3 star rating . after some use i will return to rate again .
i did n't like the way the lists would set up ...
practical and easy to use
nice app but ux can be improved .
lacking in features compared to competition like ticktick , todoist , etc
i am still testing it out but so far do good ... i like that there is a possibility to organize tasks according to thier importance and nature !
amazing and helpful
simple and easy to use .
gets a on the phone list of things to do done
love it , simple to use
i wish it had a widget , but i love it otherwise .
nice app but does n't really have what i 'm looking for .
unable to download
needs a lot more sophistication
i like it it 's very reorganizing
its good nd loved it but need to more developed
how do i set a daily / weekly repeating task ?
lower rating until i use it more -just started
how to view the app on laptop ? just like wunderlist
fun and easy
sufficient for my needs simple to use
great for keeping track of things
used it twice , so far so good
easy to use
got it for he to know do of do not do me to my do do an do gone by hi do you do of do is well your name is on the list for the next few days and i will be there at the same time i do n't have a whole lot of time to get the kids to the gum wall street journal and send it to you when i get home i will send you the link to the video of the puzzle in my room you have for me to get the kids to the gum wall street journal and send it to you when i get home i will send you the link to the video of : star-struck : :star-struck :
add option to upload to drive
enjoying the app .
better to improve the app features
expecting better . need alarm facilty to remind me in advance .
stephen ... can 2 people share a task list on their respective phones ?
still exploring the app but so far so good
still trying to get used to the app .
helps me stay organized ..
works pretty good so far
some time it 's not working not reminding me
just didnt use it ..
i am managing need a reminder
ok. its useful
not for me .
edited review
it was ok
great app
good
good
good
excellent app
сильно не хватает возможности поделиться списком , например покупок , с семей
awesome
still testing
still testing
useful app
nice !
nice app .
good
if more than one task is enabled for same time then it hangs . i have to keep 1 min difference in both task . pls fix it .
i 'm looking for a suitable alternative to any.do , but this is n't it . i 'd like to be able to add tasks for `` tomorrow , '' `` upcoming , '' and so on , otherwise i will have to either add each task daily , or have 1 large overwhelming list . having the option to see my tasks day by day is a huge stress-reliever for me , so unfortunately i ca n't choose tasks over any.do at this time . the rest of the app is great , with color coding and so on . i just really need a daily option .
nice app . i wrote the developer and was able to get a prompt response . unfortunately for me , the backup and restore process did not work at all and i will be unable to actually use it . i may look for another update and try at a later time , but for now this just is not smooth enough between different devices for me .
i thought i finally found my reminder : ) but this app lacks 2 important aspects : 1. no possibility to sort tasks in chronological order ( why ? : ) ) 2. no persistent sound . like any other rekinder app i ve met ( why ? : ) ) ) ) plus no subtasks
would love to have collaborative editing and sharing of list so that i can create list and share it to my sons phone so it will be in his task list .. otherwise great app !
a decent to do list app except for the ads . i understand ads are necessary and accept that . but forced full screen ads with sound that even when they are done do n't let you close them and force you to the play store . if you back up out of the play store , the ad starts all over again .
as a taxi driver i do runs for two friends at all times of the day and night . i 've downloaded loads of these things trying to find one that i can simply put in a job with a simple title like 'bristol airport pickup ' , with the time i want to be reminded ( not the time i make the first pickup ) and one that i can add notes to for phone numbers , first pickup address and fare . most importantly it must sound the notification even if mute is on at night and early mornings when ai am asleep . every one i tried did the first two , none did the latter two . this one . it does let me add notes but sadly does not make the notification sound when the phone is on silent which is a big oversight - so it is of no use to me apart from runs when i am awake . please fix tbis and i will hapily buy it . please also add a feature so i can choose what reminder sound i want instead of it using the default notification sound .
nearly perfect in terms of design , usability . the overall concept and user experience matches what i need . i would rate it four stars , if sync to cloud/other devices was added and five stars if sharing/collaboration was possible .
has good potential . you guys should allow the app to display the date when a task is due . for example if i have to remember what day something is due ( i.e . haircut appt wed , 7/25/18 )
reminders set to repeat daily do n't repeat . the only reason i wanted this app was to have ongoing daily reminder notifications , so i will be uninstalling . really liked the other features though !
why notifications do not work e i y day ? i put daily
nice looking app though no google sync
it 's ok. there 's no actual options to make a list . i have to number each item ( task , action , etc ) myself & in paragraph form . there 's no proper list formatting in there . besides that , it 's alright . not what i had hoped : (
i accidently swipe going to the right it erase task i have to write it again but everything else is ok
kindly add selection ringtones for alarm . there should be an option to select alarm and the ringtone you want
beautiful : grinning_squinting_face :
can you please enable different ringtone modes and if the app , could notify us if we have missed a reminder it 'll be great
overall it is a nice clean design , but reminders seem useless as i 'm not given an option to change the time . it 's currently 1:45 and no matter what it sets the reminder to 2. tapping reminder just turns it on/off . long press and swipe do nothing . also no due dates + `` today '' list for helping with daily agendas .
basic to do list . does anyone know how to hide the task notes in task list view ? if i create shopping list i will see only one task in `` all '' view .
generally i liked this app but i found it very frustrating that i could n't view all my tasks in one area , ie . inbox . or by by date . i had to go through each list individually .
i want to be able to set so that the week starts from sunday . highly inconvenient for i frequently set the reminder wrongly . a day behind . please upgrade so that the week start from sunday .
good . would like for completed tasks to automatically move to the bottom
why do not work reminders repeated monthly at all ? one-time yes , repeated no . what is wrong ?
this is by far the best and complete todo list app i have come across so far ... however the notification and alarm feature does n't work ... would have gotten a 5 star from me if that had worked . thank you .
app is good , have lot of features , but i would suggest one basic thing that needs to be changed . in `` tasks '' app the menu can be reached by pressing the title icon . also to change the list we have to press the icon on top left corner of widget . it is different ( and little disturbing ) from normal process we are following since many years . please try to change the menu button on widget to the top left icon . thanks
good
good . but repeat mode is not working properly . i am looking for some other app
it 's got a steep learning curve . and i do n't think it 's got good documentation & help [ faqs ] .
is it true that non-premium version soon will loose any way for backup/restore or transfer to another phone ? if not true : please point to me what is the backup/restore way that stays in app in the future . thanks a lot ! . if true : that is really bad news - backup is a basic necessity , so non-premium version will become practically useless on the long term . in addition , premium costs twice as much for a single year than , let 's say osmand+ for eternity . and that is a much more complex app + the free version is completely usable within reasonable limits . tasks is a really nice app ( except that swichingt between sublists/lists is unreasonably slow ) with some unique and essential features . but this wracks it , it will drive me away . possibly others too . not a fair move to reduce base functionality like that . response to steven nottage 's response : that is fair enough , except for one important detail : all the people using your free app are now forced to decide - if they want to have a meaningful app - to pay or search for another app . premium app should only add features and not restrict free app 's capabilities . if you add worthwhile features with a fair pricing , people will buy it . lots of people spent time to set up their tasking system because the app had the right properties for them , now it looks like they were lured into using the app and then forcing them to pay . i payed for a number of apps ( all cheaper than yours btw . ) , and actually my plan was to pay/donate as soon as the slowness of switching between task lists disappear , because i thought the app is really useful and it deserves support . this change is different . i do not mean you should not ask for payment for cloud backup etc. , just that you should not remove the free local backup ( or any other feature ) . or that you should have omitted it from the free version from the start . best wishes ! response to steven nottage 's second response : actually you can clearly see from my review that i do not want everything for free . my problem is different . if we could not understand each other so far , perhaps it 's not worth trying any more . so i wo n't comment on the rest of your answer . all the best !
it was fine until i found that to use features like syncing or transferring lists from an older app i had to upgrade to and pay for `` premium . '' felt like bait and switch .
i 'm find this app useful but i 'm trying to use it on my desktop ? is there a way to check off items on my laptop in this app ? i will change my score once answered thanks
needs a lot more sophistication
have n't used it a lot yet , but enjoying the simple way to add tasks
suddenly stopped giving audio reminders . tried everything including re-installing and turning on all notifications . uninstalled .
more hierarchy on task options ?
how soon until the list sharing is available ? if soon , you have just earned a small business customer .
edited review
it was ok
got it for he to know do of do not do me to my do do an do gone by hi do you do of do is well your name is on the list for the next few days and i will be there at the same time i do n't have a whole lot of time to get the kids to the gum wall street journal and send it to you when i get home i will send you the link to the video of the puzzle in my room you have for me to get the kids to the gum wall street journal and send it to you when i get home i will send you the link to the video of : star-struck : :star-struck :
this app would do better with a calculator tat adds & subtracts shopping list columns with $ totals . also tabs/swipes for delete/retrieve.⁦ : thumbs_up_medium-dark_skin_tone : ⁩⁦ : thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone : ⁩update -- 2/16/20 . 1.you ca n't edit [ actual item ] on a list , like change it 's name . 2.and you ca n't see * or do a running sub total -add or subtract price totals.what good is a list tat when u put the price of a item your task list ca n't be more helpful when creating a cost grocery list or whatever , like [ hardware store ] items list ! ! ! so i deleted
very nice app , but there are a few bugs with the widget not really updating to the correct data e.g . - if you put the widget on home screen , change the name of the tasks list , it does n't update
i really like it . but there 's one or two thing 's that need to be addit . i personally use it to make a list of book that planning to buy and read this year i know there 's other apps for this but love the check list style but i do n't like how it get deleted after 30 day at most it will be great if there is option for never delete plus adding a imagine option will be nice like wallpaper behind the task name
absolutely love this app and have been using it for months . different lists in different screens via the widget . unfortunately the widgets have become unresponsive and now i 'm looking for a new app . will this be fixed ? using huawei p20 pro mate for reference edit : i have reinstalled the app , taken the app off battery saver mode . when i reinstalled it is still the same , clicking on the widget does nothing , ca n't add tasks at all !
tasks helps me stay organized but i still want some option to be in it like if i want to copy a task from a list to another i should duplicate it in the the same list and then move it to the other list . i wish if i can directly duplicate it but not in the same list , instead in another list directly . but in general tasks is a very helpful app for organizing our life .
useful easy to use and fulfil my needs but i still did n't experience it 's use in sharing or groups
it 's a good app , but i wish it would allow multiple users to see each others task list and to send task to each other .
i loooove this app ! but , i have a note 10+ & it was destroying my battery . i had to uninstall it : loudly_crying_face :
i do have a few problems but the app is fairly easy and i can keep up with everything quite well
decent app , but not worthy of monthly fees . what happened to 1x pro licenses ?
i 've only had this app for about a week but so far so good . no ads ( as yet ) , very easy to use .
i downloaded this app because the other app i was using would n't always notify me . also , they recently decided to change from an analog clock face to having to scroll ( similar to a digital clock ) to set the due time . i tested this app before i started copying all my tasks , but i came across a problem . when creating a repeat , there is no way to set it to do a certain day of the month ( ie : the 3rd saturday of the month , or the last sunday of the month ) . this is a big issue for me because i have certain things i want to do , but it 's not always on the same date of the month . hopefully , this can be added/changed soon .
i do n't see where you can use voice to make tasks ? ?
i wish it had a widget , but i love it otherwise .
minimum 3 stars , no real problems so far . nothing to compare it to but its bright and keeping me organized .
i was hoping for similar to notes app on iphone . not even close . but i prob do n't know how to use it
it is good to organise the tasks . the only . problem is , i am not able to get reminders . i am setting the reminder but it is but showing
i actually loooooove the app and use it to organise my life but it has now stopped updating as a widget . if i make changes to my lists on the app it will not change on the widget ?
seems good so far . i might rate it higher after using it for longer but the annoying pop up messages forced me to either say i did n't like it or rate it now ... edit : to reply to the response . there was only the option to review now or say i did n't like it . i would have picked review later if that was there . edit 2 : thanks for taking my suggestion on board , i will update this review and rating once i have used the app more : thumbs_up :
good
great app
those dots on the right of each item are gone . how do you reorder your to do items now ?
i just started using it . so i 'm not sure how good it is yet . i do really wish you could do bullet points like : * - - that you could check off . it would be much easier in some cases than a separate sub list . & that is currently what i need : sleepy_face : .
easy to use
just started hence neutral stars . i was going to write to the devs but i see you reply here . open is good . i do n't know what a filtered list is . that is my only confusion so far . i was interested in premium but put off by the monthly fee rather than a single license . meanwhile i was playing with the idea of selling each premium feature separately . that would give you information about what your users want - especially after you add computer support . feed the wolf you want , linux 1st .
good but ... still does not handle repeat events such as daylight savings time change ( i.e . setting a reminder for the second sunday of march each year to change clocks that do n't adjust automatically ) . does not handle `` last day of the month '' reminders well . also , the list should display an icon by repeating tasks . backup options are very limited , does not handle integration with e.g . dropbox . otherwise it would be perfect for my needs .
good
rather new to the app to rate it higher than a 3 at this time . but i like the results it is helping me to achieve . i expect improved time management as i get the app 's feature set up to serve me best . i sense i may rate it higher as i experience it benefits more . i do like using it better then wunderlist .
gets a on the phone list of things to do done
really pretty good app ; but two problems ! 1. sometimes repeat weekly reminders do n't work at all , especially if you have n't ticked it the previous week ! 2. please allow multiple reminders for one event ! thanks , it 's really promising and useful otherwise !
used it twice , so far so good
it does n't reset or set you reminders but it helps
amazing and helpful
it it good but i could n't do simple lists . they would be in one big catagory then in a sub list and it just was n't the format i wanted
does it not have feature to set reminder daily , weekly , monthly and yearly ?
as i am a regular user of this app ... this app needs some update like the calendar based listing method . people will go to date and list the task ... another problem is so many color for list . it 's annoying ... who do n't like colors they can select one color for every task list ... that is all ... : slightly_smiling_face : :slightly_smiling_face : :slightly_smiling_face :
i liked a lot about this app , but unfortunately , there is no feature to repeat tasks ( hourly , daily , weekly , etc ) , which is kinda vital for me . without it , i ca n't recommend this app . much as i hate todoist 's subscription model , they seem to be the leader as of right now .
unable to download
its not a bad app at all , but it could be better . if you could keep track of how often you complete a task that would be better . like if you checked off every time you shampooed your hair it would be nice to keep track so you can change how much you shampoo if needed . also i feel like having a bar at the top to switch between lists makes more sense than the way it is now . you should still give it a try if you need something like this because you might like it better than i did .
i used to love this app but since my phone updated it no longer works . i recently uninstalled and re installed i hope it works or i 'll have to find something new : slightly_frowning_face :
very good app but something lacl there is options default task set today , tommorow etc , one more problem when we add task in any list it automatically saved in other . other when we add task any date it demand time necessary it shoud be optinal
i love the app , but you can not add file to your task or schedule , this lack of ability to add file on such good app make it incomplete , i could have rated it 5
excellent app
expecting better . need alarm facilty to remind me in advance .
sufficient for my needs simple to use
the app is helpful and has nice features . i would give 5 stars but you apparently you are not able to transfer your lists to another device , unless you have exactly the same version . i had to create all my lists from scratch .
easy to use and keep my tasks in check . love that i can have different sub tasks for different projects though i wish they could vbe color coded so as to differentiate them
seems laggy moving between lists and tabs after the latest update . no way to delete a parent list without manually deleting all sublists first ? edit : i see the delete option for subtasks , but how do you delete sublists and parent lists ? ( i understand it 's a hobby project , and i appreciate that . just making sure i 'm not missing something . )
looks good . but does n't have web version . would be 5 stars if i was rating author 's dedication . functionality wise ca n't give more than 3. the app is inferior to any.do or microsofts todo
lower rating until i use it more -just started
i have not been using app for very long . therefore the 3 star rating . after some use i will return to rate again .
enjoying the app .
it was good now alatm sound of tasks is full but sound is low only this app i have seperate alarm volume and its full
i just downloaded & installed this app . i was in search of an app that allows me to insert date and time stamp . preferably using a button on the screen . this way i can time stamp different sections in my notes and activities . however i did n't find that feature . would love to see that in this app as it needs quite a few of my requirements .
this app doesnt require your firstborn in order to function as similar apps do . the quick post function is great . however , unlike other similar apps , this doesnt have a widget feature to show what the upcoming daily task is on the screen . so for me , that is really unfortunate . if this changes , i will gladly give this a perfect rating .
nice but am looking for something that can synchronize with google tasks
sound now works but when i have the phone 's do not disturb feature on my wake up alarm task notifies but no sound . i have it set to ignore do not disturb and have it set to alarm . my other alarm app does sound off during this time but not as reliable as task , so it 's not my phone causing no sound issue , what else could it be stephen ? you get it working and you get 4 stars , restore still does not work , gave up on that .
good app for task but should be linked with reminders .
i found this app difficult to use . that 's just my personal opinion . i uninstalled it and got a different one that is easier to use .
helps me stay organized ..
i personally would like to add to this app , if i had a chance is change how the entires were set up . you had to make up the name . but it would make it better if it had a date and name . to me it feels like something you can do on a piece of paper . add more cool features that you ca n't find anywhere else .
how to view the app on laptop ? just like wunderlist
i have to uninstalled this app on my phone soon i open the apps and trying to make things to do list .. it worked fine just i have trypophobia and those small circles/dot just freaking me out ... edit , the small circles/dots that i mean here is when i click new list next we fill the list name and it appears with small circles/dots in color for me who 's having this kind of phobia that kind of design is just scary .. aside of that your apps seems to be simple and easy to use .
сильно не хватает возможности поделиться списком , например покупок , с семей
i could n't find a way to link to google tasks . that is my first priority so i have data backup and desktop list edits .
no white space between tasks . no line between tasks . checkboxes are in the middle of an item . one big block of text instead of neat list of tasks . just impossible to see where each task starts .
it 's listing the same tasks after some time even after its checked and completed , in short it 's listing the status of tasks
great app but tried backing up and restoring for a new phone and got a version mismatch error with no option to convert it . no mention of this beforr backing up . disappointing .
nice app but does n't really have what i 'm looking for .
sub tasks should be possible to leave unticked - for instance i might have put the bins out , but not replaced bin bags . on your apo , if i tick the main task , it assumes i have done the sub task .
awesome
its not easily understood and it does not notify if you are setting a task that the due date or due time is past . i might want to set 16:00hrm task tomorrow at 18:00hrm today , it will still set the task and will think i have set a task . meanwhile the date is today
not for me .
still testing
still exploring the app but so far so good
nice app but ux can be improved .
it 's a good app . however i 'm disappointed that thr alarm doesnt ring and bevause i missed the remainder i had to pay overdue library fees ! edit : the app 's creator is responsive and lovely : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : thanks for the advise , steve .
i am still testing it out but so far do good ... i like that there is a possibility to organize tasks according to thier importance and nature !
works great ! easy to use , but i wish i had a daily organizer
this app is really very good and have a simple interface and easy to create tasks unlike other apps which are really cluttered . this is what i exactly needed . however , the problem is , if the phone is locked , it doesnt ring at all . also , the alarm doesnt go off at the right time . if i have set an alarm at 10am for a task , it some times goes at 10:10. if it is locked , it doesnt go at all . please please fix this .
worked great in beginning . enjoy multiple lists & sublists . but now i have a task `` haunting '' me , it wo n't let me delete it . wrote developers , we 'll see . using sg8+ .
this app has great potential but is not there yet . example , if a task repeats but without notification , then you manually mark it completed . the task is shown as completed & should advance to the next scheduled date . instead it is showing up the next day as past due . but , if the task repeats with notification , then on the due date/time the system instantly advances the due date but does not show the task as completed so you have no record of the task due today & i have overlooked many . not good !
has good features although takes a very long time to figure out how the lists work .
like to check off sub-task via widget without opening app . ( checking off task without subtasks works fine ) . wish widget showed calendar . wish app had daily , weekly , monthly , yearly trends , wish app to sync to google calendar . would be nice if you could rearrange the components of a list ( ex : move note below subtasks ) btw , 3 of 5 is to me a strong like . you guys are doing a great job .
its a nice app , but i always accidentally deleting a task when scrolling side to side . please remove the delete feature when scrolling between tasks . thanks
notification is not of up to my expectation . need to keep on reminding us until we check or tick it ... besides that .. the way of organizing the tasks and prioritizing them are perfect . i do love to continue using it if they update the notification part .
great job on the app , for improvements sake - i would make the lists have a font size option , or something where if the 'items ' in the to do list are more than a few words , they can look more organized , given that the square resides in the middle of the 'to do item ' , to me they seem a bit crammed together
its awesome but needs an improvement , it would be nice if i could visit my notes and edit my notes online in my pc not just through the phone
so disappointed to lose everything . i did n't realize the app did n't save your lists . got a new phone and everything transferred but because this app does n't have you log in , everything is gone . i had several important lists saved to prepare for my upcoming baby and it 's all gone . i 'll never remember it all . time to look for something else to use . response : from the main screen i did n't see any prompting so did not know i was supposed to or how to .
quick but need moree practice to add sub lines to proper list
some time it 's not working not reminding me
love the interface and how easy and helpful it would be , but the alarms i set do not not ring . i gave permissions to this app already , yet it does n't . edit : thank you for letting me know it 's a huawei power saving issue ! are there any work-arounds the power saving mode on huawei to still allow this app to run ? the alarms are very important , without them the app is critically impaired on my device . haha . thanks !
wish the reminder have had a repeat function ( e.g . every week ) , so i do n't have to recheck the tasks
very useful and simple . nothing too fancy but still fun no complicated features . i love the multiple lists options and sub category lists . only glitch i find is returning to previous pages after typing ... often i have to just hit my home button and navigate all the way back to where i was ... but nothing too bad .
it has reminders but would be great to show the due date as my reminders are often days before instead of on the due date itself and what heading it was put under so know which project 's task it is .
its good nd loved it but need to more developed
stephen ... can 2 people share a task list on their respective phones ?
i like the app but i 'm not getting notifications of reminders . have checked all the settings , might be that my phone 's too old to be fully compatible
fun and easy
just downloaded . seems to be a simple task / to do list that i was looking for . question . how do i get the app to be an onscreen widget , which is shown on the screen shots above ? ? thank you
practical and easy to use
implement collaborative lists please ! so crucial .
better to improve the app features
hi stephen , i was getting used to using this instead of the late inbox reminders but some repeat reminders just are n't coming up anymore . high reviews and great until it was n't great . there should be an option to make recurring task reminders to not have `` due dates '' . it should come up and i can clear it without removing the reminder from showing up due to needing to move out the due date . can there be just an option to make a task not have a due date and make it recurring every so often ? thanks !
if all you want is to make lists or be reminded of something once , then this is a great app . but if you want a reoccurring reminder .... forget it . it wo n't recreate the reminder for the next occurrence once you complete the first occurrence .
one of the billions of to-do lists app . nothing special . unpredictable non-intuitive behavior , as usual . useless hints for features , that are obvious . i 've thrown this app away after the third time , when i accidentally removed my task while simply scrolling the list .
i 'm using this app for quite some time , it has big problems which forcing me look for another app , it does n't remind me on time , all the reminders work when i open this app at that time it was too late .. what the use having this app .. please correct this problem or else i am happy the all the options and features .. thank you
just downloaded so far great , but i 'm looking for an application i can use between two or more , i.e . minors etc . where i can send a task via messenger for example . does this app upload if the other user also has task ?
it would be nice if they had the option to list tasks from top down instead of down up where your first task is at the top instead of at the bottom
it was ok but only the first instance of the recurring events shows up on the list/calendar . it is important to see how recurring events impact the schedules in the future so users can avoid scheduling something on those dates/times .
this is a great app , and would be 5 stars . the reason it is n't , the early reminder notifications stopped working for me , at all . they had been working fine , then for no reason that i can find , they stopped . i 've tried reinstalling the app , but this did n't fix it . i am getting a reminder at the time my tasks are set for ( or 3 - 4 minutes late ) though . it 's incredibly frustrating as this is the only app i 've found that offers early reminders , and i 'm trying to use that to complete tasks on time .
useful app
the app is ok . it could be simpler to work . i had to fiddle around a bit and some persons may not have the patience to do so .
still trying to get used to the app .
works pretty good so far
love it , simple to use
great colors , list & notes with sub-lists , lots of options ... but terrible to navigate . very confusing and all over the place . : / if you want something very detailed , will spend the time to learn to use it , and want tons of colors to differiate your lists then this is for you .
wish it would link to my calendar so i can create , edit and complete in one location .... that would make it 5 stars
great for keeping track of things
still testing
nice app the only challenge have seen is that sometimes the notifcation alarm does not work
nice !
add option to upload to drive
easy to use , simple functionality but well done
it 's a great way to make a to do list , but it never gives reminders when i want it to .
i did n't like the way the lists would set up ...
this is really a great app . i 'm just finding difficult to put tasks in home widgets . could you tell me how to do this ?
its a great app but need to add a version were you can restore your notes if lost my app got erased by accident and i dont have any of my notes saved please consider adding to the app
just didnt use it ..
ok. its useful
the creating of tasks is pretty straightforward and easy to use but i do n't like the idea that tasks in filters are the same copy of tasks in lists . sometimes i change my mind with which tasks and lists go to which filters and if i want to remove the filter then it deletes all the tasks within it as well . i want to be able to delete the filter without having to delete the tasks themselves entirely .
i like it it 's very reorganizing
i love lists , and i really love this easy to use app , however i also love making notes to myself of a * lengthy * nature ( usually when i 'm trying to go to sleep ) , like my thoughts on a subject or what id like to talk about to a friend , it would be amazing if there was a blank note page or lined page without all the frills of * dates and times and priority and complete * to compete with my eyes . i dislike having to have multiple apps for same basic function . i 'd chose this over all others . : thumbs_up :
lacking in features compared to competition like ticktick , todoist , etc
so far it 's a nice , simple app that makes it easy to organise tasks . i am a fan if the widget to let me see different lists , but when i switch lists , it often unchecks what has already been done which kind of defeats the purpose . if this could be fixed i would increase the rating .
seems nice . i wish there was a way to just do notes and not only tasks . also ... which there was a way to lock certain notes that may be private ... in case your phone is lost .
looks very good , but i would love to see cloud sync , for example with google tasks .
nie ma możliwości ustawienia wyprzedzenia przypomnienia ani zwiększenia liczby przypomnień - dla mnie to wada . poza tym ok. the application is basically ok , but it is not possible to edit reminders . i would like to be able to set several reminders for one event at different times in advance . it would be good to have this option in the settings to set the default reminder advance .
how do i set a daily / weekly repeating task ?
want to put a line through items but leave them visible . do n't know how to manipulate to keep certain items from week to week , but cancel others . no instructions . but better than other apps that i 've seen .
the most important features needed : 1 ) a multiple sort features like alphabetical , then by priority , date , etc ( we are talking about very organized people using these lists ) 2 ) a data import and export feature to backup & import lists ( csv files so the 500k+ people who used listmaster can transition to your app ) while keeping our info safe ( if our phone dies or is lost or stolen ) 3 ) a feature to attach files or pictures make all of these additional features for $ 1 month to get monthly income
should not need to tap a notification alert each time i add a new item . should be by default like almost every other app . in testing it has only not worked once . could be great
i would have loved it if not for the fact that there is a problem with the widget on my huawei p20 , unfortunately it gets stuck often and can not click anything , i tried removing the widget and re-doing it , now it does n't even show my lists , and i have to go into the app to check or add things , which of course means once i 'm done with the current ones i 'll delete it . a task app with no immediate access on main screen is not too helpful ...
good
i am managing need a reminder
i liked it but the due date you ca n't change only the due time . also getting the feature up for the due time is hard enough so going to try a different app .
good for notes , needs export , email options
nice app .
it consumes too much ( 1/3 of the ) battery , otherwise it is great .
this application is very good . feature rich and most powerful . even though you should add few features in the app . 1- repeat frequency should have hourly and 30 minutes 2- add bullet points format in the notes section . like google keep have . 3- provide database backup option with google drive and dropbox .
it 's actually sleek , beautiful , well-designed and exactly what i would want , but without syncing it becomes much less helpful . as soon as that feature is added i will reinstall this as my primary note app .
good start , would love to see clean material design implemented . personally , i need the option of a full task list view in my task widget . again , good start .
could be easier to set up and save notes . was confusing at first but a good app
it seems like a good app but i have n't found a way to enable a permanent notification for quick task adding . is it only possible ? edit : no , i mean a permanent notification that works like your widget , allowing to quickly add new tasks without opening the app . splendo and any . do have this feature for instance .
the app is great ! thank you for providing us this gem ! however we work in several devices , we are missing out the multidevice option ... and for that reason we may migrante elsewhere . hope it comes available , thx .
i miss an option for recurring tasks like do something every 3 days where if i check it a day later that automatically shifts all following tasks by one day .
good app for setting daily tasks , if it had hourly reminders/alarms it would be great for me , being notified by alarm makes up for it though as most just have short notification sounds that i never hear .
no need for floating button on widget i think , add button on widget needs to be smaller . also , possible to make the widget until 2x2 ?
i like how minimalistic the app is . it 's very easy to use and has just the necessary features . my biggest complaint is that i ca n't set a custom due date . whenever i tap the due date , i get predefined reminder and i ca n't seem to change it no matter what . i 'm using an lg q7 plus , do n't know if it 's a bug with the device or what . will update the score if this issue ever gets fixed .
from the reviews , this app sounds awesome . unfortunately , i ca n't use it because i need an app that syncs with google tasks .
simple and easy to use .
if more than one task is enabled for same time then it hangs . i have to keep 1 min difference in both task . pls fix it .
why notifications do not work e i y day ? i put daily
a decent to do list app except for the ads . i understand ads are necessary and accept that . but forced full screen ads with sound that even when they are done do n't let you close them and force you to the play store . if you back up out of the play store , the ad starts all over again .
reminders set to repeat daily do n't repeat . the only reason i wanted this app was to have ongoing daily reminder notifications , so i will be uninstalling . really liked the other features though !
i thought i finally found my reminder : ) but this app lacks 2 important aspects : 1. no possibility to sort tasks in chronological order ( why ? : ) ) 2. no persistent sound . like any other rekinder app i ve met ( why ? : ) ) ) ) plus no subtasks
nice looking app though no google sync
nice app . i wrote the developer and was able to get a prompt response . unfortunately for me , the backup and restore process did not work at all and i will be unable to actually use it . i may look for another update and try at a later time , but for now this just is not smooth enough between different devices for me .
as a taxi driver i do runs for two friends at all times of the day and night . i 've downloaded loads of these things trying to find one that i can simply put in a job with a simple title like 'bristol airport pickup ' , with the time i want to be reminded ( not the time i make the first pickup ) and one that i can add notes to for phone numbers , first pickup address and fare . most importantly it must sound the notification even if mute is on at night and early mornings when ai am asleep . every one i tried did the first two , none did the latter two . this one . it does let me add notes but sadly does not make the notification sound when the phone is on silent which is a big oversight - so it is of no use to me apart from runs when i am awake . please fix tbis and i will hapily buy it . please also add a feature so i can choose what reminder sound i want instead of it using the default notification sound .
i 'm looking for a suitable alternative to any.do , but this is n't it . i 'd like to be able to add tasks for `` tomorrow , '' `` upcoming , '' and so on , otherwise i will have to either add each task daily , or have 1 large overwhelming list . having the option to see my tasks day by day is a huge stress-reliever for me , so unfortunately i ca n't choose tasks over any.do at this time . the rest of the app is great , with color coding and so on . i just really need a daily option .
has good potential . you guys should allow the app to display the date when a task is due . for example if i have to remember what day something is due ( i.e . haircut appt wed , 7/25/18 )
nearly perfect in terms of design , usability . the overall concept and user experience matches what i need . i would rate it four stars , if sync to cloud/other devices was added and five stars if sharing/collaboration was possible .
would love to have collaborative editing and sharing of list so that i can create list and share it to my sons phone so it will be in his task list .. otherwise great app !
it 's ok. there 's no actual options to make a list . i have to number each item ( task , action , etc ) myself & in paragraph form . there 's no proper list formatting in there . besides that , it 's alright . not what i had hoped : (
beautiful : grinning_squinting_face :
kindly add selection ringtones for alarm . there should be an option to select alarm and the ringtone you want
i accidently swipe going to the right it erase task i have to write it again but everything else is ok
i just downloaded to try and noticed that thr color selection do no good since you are not able to change the font color to be able to read clearly over the chosen color . only option is white . no good .
2 things would persuade me to make this my task list : automatic synching via google drive , and an ike-like view ( a 2 by 2 table showing urgent vs important tasks ) . it 's good to be able to categorise tasks into lists but equally necessary to know where you need to spend your time . google '' eisenhower matrix '' for ideas . would also love to see a chrome app for desktop use .
generally i liked this app but i found it very frustrating that i could n't view all my tasks in one area , ie . inbox . or by by date . i had to go through each list individually .
can you please enable different ringtone modes and if the app , could notify us if we have missed a reminder it 'll be great
have n't come across a better app if it 's type . it 's not a project management tool but you can have a list in your reminder ! it 's probably a big leap but if i could share the task list with somebody without exporting that would be cool . the notification , repeat , export control , is brilliant . really helps me organise my home tasks without being frustratingly intrusive and distracting . i 've tried a lot of applications , this is second to none !
works great at keeping me organized . i have not had it long so i will have to explore the features . update-new phone . i can now use the microphone to add tasks . this app is just smart enough . i use it as my own personal to do list separate from google tasks which i use for work . it 's simple with just enough features and not all the predictive noise threaded through all google apps .
this app looks great and most of the functions seem to be very practical . there is n't any windows or browser-based version for usage on a computer , is it ? if not , is something in planning ? as wunderlist will be shut down , i 'm in search for a good alternative , and this app with a sync function would be amazing ! edit : showing the calendar view in a widget would be fantastic as well .
great task and project management app . user friendly and versatile . lists and sub lists work well for most to do list requirements . would just recommend to developers to introduce a couple of improvements ... 1 ) there should be a difference between the date you plan to do a task and its deadline/due date . 2 ) would be great to be able to add a description and deadline to a sub list thereby creating little projects .
i really liked this app , however i have downloaded it yesterday and created tasks which repeats daily but it always shows tasks date 30 march . it was just the date i created it , it repeats daily so the dates should change too . it feels as if i am checking undone tasks from the past . even in the calander view these tasks are not added to 31 march . it 's annoying me . please do something about it .
i wish i could give it 5 stars . only thing missing is a windows/linux app for syncing , which i ca n't do without , and that 's the only thing keeping me away . i would happily pay for that feature . if you just need an android app , no need to look elsewhere . it has everything you can ask for . the ui is great , and very intuitive .
i like : * the way it separates lists ( `` sub lists '' ) horizontally , and i can switch between them conveniently with swipes , though i tend to accidentally delete tasks when trying to switch lists * i value the convenience of swipe to delete the most * being able to quick add tasks from the main screen , removes one extra tap step * being able to highlight important tasks , but wish it would automatically pin them to the top . feature i wish most for : image attachments . idea : location-based reminders ?
tasks : todo is a work in progress . nevertheless , it is very handy , and i am happy to have it . ( i 'm a former wunderlist user . ) i believe the app developer will continue to tweak tasks : todo . not that it 's not helpful now . i do miss the deleted items not being `` hidden '' under the category of tasks they came from . this was very handy for shopping ( especially groceries & other places i shop for ) , i could peruse my completed list for things i may have forgotten . thanks so much ! continue the good work
great app so far , very user friendly . would love an option to duplicate a hole list ( found an option to duplicate sub-list only ) . thanks !
thanks for the response . the fact that an event repeats should have nothing to do with the type of notification and i think there should still be a repeating icon if no notification is set . it is possible to want an event to repeat without getting an alert . also , why is the default `` notification '' when there is a date ? all tasks with dates do not require a notification .
to do list works good but it is no idiot proof . developer needs to add more walk through instructions at start when the app is downloaded . when people commit on issues- the developer replies offended- but the developer did not make a idiot proof way of solving these problems that a newbie with little patience would have- instead they lash out - its not the user 's fault- its the developer fault for not understanding the concept of idiot proofing a sound product- face it-people do n't read !
good app . effective at reminders . easy to use and read . looked at quite a few task apps . happy i picked this .
definitely helps me to stay organized a little easier . i personally use it in conjunction with an old fashioned pen and paper when i have a lot to get done in a day . the only complaint i have with it is that i wish i could add additional reminders for the tasks instead of having to choose a reminder time based off of a due date i set . other than that it 's great and easy to use .
i have reminder set for every weekday morning at a certain time . has n't reminded me at the right time yet . always hours after i get it .
it 's a good app for task reminder but it still needs some thing more . one needs to go into the menu to switch to the lists no matter which list has an upcoming task . it should have option to show the mix of tasks from all lists in tiles/widgets on app home interface . i really like the snooze option , quite straight away .
for some reason i ca n't edit my other review on the phone , or if i can it 's not clear how . lists are not in an intuitive place imo , so i missed them entirely , resulting in that erroneous post . if this supported arbitrarily nested task levels i 'd give it five stars , but i 'm definitely going to use this . r.i.p . wunderlist
best task app i 've found with reminders and a variety of tasks types . keep up the good work .
it would be better if we can insert pictures in the tasks . but all in all , it was cute and helpful !
the app looks and feels good , but it just does n't work for me . i wanted this app mainly for the widget but it is almost useless . when you cross of an item it does n't show up in the widget and when you edit the list in app , it does n't update on the widget . according to the dev it 's xiaomi 's fault , which i think is a possibility so be aware of this when you download it .
i like the app but there is one thing that annoys the hell out of me . i use a number of sublists for shopping . whenever the screen changes orientation or auto rotates the app defaults back to the first sub list and i have to reopen the one i was working with . very annoying . update ; my opinion of the app is unchanged , but snarky respones from the developer are uncalled for . i get it , it 's free , and i 'm not using a lower end device . maybe find a new hobby if you do n't like comments .
super great app . just installed and l feel already familiar with . two comments : it would be great to have the possibility to change time setting with digital clock and not only timepiece visual . second , having the possibility to set a reminder based on the location , not only time , as proposed by other `` to do '' applications . otherwise , the app is looks really great . congrats to the developers .
just what i needed . i especially love the subtasks function . the only suggestion is to make the layout more compact . i set up tasks on a calender using another app and they use similar fields but have a smaller popup window for setup . i love your color design much better and it makes me want to open the app and update regularly
i really loved this app . it has everything i wanted . but i feel like there is still room for improvement in this app , it 's my personal opinion though , it will be better if you could add a screen for the heat map and that heat map would be colored on the days when user did at least one task , another one could be letting user add notes for subtasks also . : folded_hands :
i 'm loving it so far . it is clean , user-friendly and v simple to use . not too much drama that i have to sort out - i do n't need background landscape pictures for example and i do n't need graphs and charts to rate my productivity . i just need to get stuff done . thanks guys !
this sponsors exactly what you want it to do . also love the colours and reminder options .
so far i am enjoying this task app . i am still learning new things , but is definitely helping me stay organized .
this is a really useful app for managing multiple to do lists .
my go to tasks app . happy to finally see a premium payment because you deserve money for this thing , but immediately saddened that it 's subscription only ! i get why , but please add a one time payment option too for those of us who do n't want to deal with such things .
it 's not as straight forward as others . but i like the many color options i have a task that is a grocery list , so it is lengthy . in moving from list to list i have accidentally removed items . i do n't see an undo .
this app is great to organize your day or make shopping lists etc . but sadly i do n't get notifications even if i turned them on . i hope this will be fixed soon !
love it ! ! only wish there was more instruction on how it all works ! it does alot , will be perfect , once i learn how it 's all done : grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes : ! !
fantastic except i cant attach photos to a task . a picture is worth a thousand words . otherwise it 's the best app for lists . keeping work and home seperate ect .
very easy to use and intuitive . wish there were a way to roll incomplete tasks forward to a new list or a different list ( i tend to make a list for each day ) . otherwise , love it .
the app is a bit confusing , nevertheless the support is great ! the more i ask questions , the more options i realize i have available to me . thank you for the great support ! i think i 'll try the app out for a while and update this review accordingly .
a little confusing to navigate at first but otherwise useful
i have looked and looked for an app that would let me make lists and check them off like pen and paper , and this does that . simple and great to use .
only been using couple days . so far so good . easy to get the hang of . some functionality aspects could be enhanced but overall v glad to be with this app .
really , just started using this app . seems pretty good but way early days to rate beyond 4 * even if it does deserve it .
useful app in my opinion what can make your app a 5 star is add parsonalized image to tasks and possebility to make predefined tasks that you can add them to any list and global research you can find any task in all lists . thank you for replying to my comment
great app , would love customizable notifications and icons . that being said , of course this is a hobby project , just being wishful . meant no offense . i 'd love to reach out , it 's always nice to get in touch with a fellow developer
i have only been using the app for a short period of time . so far it has been a great tool . the bility to addnsubtask to a task is very helpful . great job .
i 'd give this a five star if not for the backing up which prevents importing mismatched versions . kinda redundant if we ca n't use the backup that we took two weeks prior .
i really like it , easy to use . just wish it would remind me again after the time has elapsed without having to reset the time for the task . other than that , it 's great .
this is the best task keeping app out on the market . it has a very easy interface , and many useful features that are blended together well into a useful product .
does the basics clearly and easily . i particularly like that it allows you to sort completed tasks in alphabetical order ( some other apps do n't )
absolutely a great app . it helps my family to keep track on our activities and also for my work . nice design and very practical
so far it 's been very helpful & useful for simple lists like groceries & things i need to remember to pick up for my daughter .
although it 's very helpful but make a navbar of all the lists or try to show all the lists in list format when we open the app so that we can see which lists are there
working great for me . simple to use , relatively detailled , free ... !
will there ever be an update with an easier way to sync with other devices ? i have spent so much time trying out todo apps with reminders and this is probably the best one ever , but i would really want to be able to manage it all across more than one device , such as with an autimatic periodic upload or one-touch sync button like in colornote . thanks
i love this app . what i liked is the alarm feature for individual list items .
its a very good app however i guess its desktop version is not available . if they have it will be a great organizing app . great app : face_blowing_a_kiss :
it 's useful simple to use have lot of features but not complicated and disturbing maybe it 's not number # 1 but i 'm sure it 's one the best apps
great distillation point for my mind maps , app is very simple interface to a reasonable amount of credible task tracking functionality
like it . colors . change order . multiple list . completing date .
i love the basic version . it really helps me stay organized !
helpful to keep track of to do 's and can set reminders at various times .
perhaps add option to set task list as homepage . rest is good so far .
so quick and handy . a proper list app with no annoying features
good , could be better i can not find where you can have a task repeat every week , month , year
really like this app especially when i can categorise the different reminders .
easy to use . really helps keeping me on top of things .
great app . only one disadvantage : no backup possible .
a great way to get organized and remember your to-do list !
love it makes sures i do my task one thing to fix can you make a section where we can save our list in case we get new phones
the app is real comfortable for use , the only thing i ca n't understand is how to view the events you create from the calendar icon top left ?
could you write an option so we can backup lists to cloud ? otherwise this app is really handy .
keeps me on top of work jobs , home jobs and family . would be 5 if i could pin the list to my home screen , which i have tried to find a way of doing but cant seem to
very useful very easy to use .
extremely helpful app ! ! helps me be very organized . i used to make paper lists , but i would lose them . this allows me to keep my to do lists in one place and is very easy to add tasks . i would like to see a feature where you can populate it daily/weekly/monthly . ( ex . morning routine daily , vacuum weekly , mail out the electric bill monthly )
this app is so good , it organized my life , but the reminder does not work
can construct reminders well with an in depth layout
i love this app . it 's perfect for making a variety of different lists and tasks and `` to dos '' . i like how simple and straight forward it is and how you can easily colour coordinate or specify each task with labels and reminders . the only reason why its not a 5 star is because it would be very great to have a grocery shopping specific list you could create that had the option to order foods in different food groups or store categories ie dairy , veggies , meats etc . thank you !
the only bad point is i ca n't tick the sub task box on the widget , and this is quite disappointing .
app is great , it 's simple enough to use . what would be great is the ability to add in a password protect function for any notes you enter in . also 1 thing that annoys me ( hence the 3stars ) is that i find more often than not that when i type words , the preview screen truncates the first 2-3 letters and replaces them with dots . * * developer very quick responding to feedback = )
you have to pay to pay monthly sync across devices , it should be a one time cost . edit - you know what streve , i was greedy , everthing else is free . but interdevice sync is a standard in most apps , so the lack of the option is a real down side and now i have to switch app , and it 's not that i 'm not willing to pay . i just want it to be a one time cost and i still wo n't pay the price for your years subscription even if it was for a lifetime of use . so i 'll give you 4 stars but leave the app .
very good tool to use . one suggested feature for future development : it would be helpful if an already set task could be dragged as a sub task for another already set task . when reordering tasks by dragging them , if the task is dragged over an existing task , it should automatically become a sub task there . the reverse should also be available , to drag out a sub task by taking it in between two tasks .
so far so good , app is great . helps me mostly keep track of what i need to do , not make sure i do it . make it more aggressive . wish it had a daily reminder that would just pop up to remind me of all my most recent tasks at the start of the day that i could dismiss , just to remind me . so i dont have to wait for each task to remind me on or before the due date . also when a task is completed it seems to keep reminding me in pop up until i go to the task and scroll to the completed button .
great but confusing when starting ro to use it
i have been looking for a well done app that has checklists that allow sublists ... this app is well organized and easy to understand how to use . i do have a couple future feature additions i would like to see , that i will send to the developer . but i am quite happy with this app !
it is good i like being able to add sub task lists for each task and categorise each . i would really like if there was a pre-made to do today/ tasks i want to focus on category that one comes up as soon as you open the app like a front page + visible calendar 30 day layout one can schedule tasks to , making it easier to plan out tasks systemically
it 's sadly evident that most to-do list apps are created by people with remarkably little to do . this is a delightful rare exception . logical , simple but powerful , with all the basic necessities covered and good customization options , this is the closest mobile equivalent to abstractspoon 's todolist available . edit : removing one star for the total removal of local backup . monetization is understandable and deserved , but removal of a simple local failsafe to push ( premium ) cloud backup reeks .
i love that i can check things off as i do them throughout the day and not the next day they reset so i can go to the list again without repeatingly putting them in the only thing i wish is either i could send the results daily to my calendar preferably automatically but at least manually or the app kept a history so i could tell how often i completed my goals . love snooze option too
it 's a great app . you can search for words in tasks . the reminders show up on my new samsung s10 , which is why i had to ditch keep . to get five stars , i would like to see an easy way to access the app on my desktop . it would be great if it would work with google calendar .
very helpful ! i can see what i have accomplished and organize my week with what i want to do .
good experience it 's very easy and helpful !
very good app . simple to use .
this app helps me keep track of my daily tasks at work
very helpful to keep me on task with work , home , life .
for a hobby project as described by the author it is a job very well done . i do n't have any complaints . may be upgrading the ux ( not the ui ) a little bit would make it an excellent experience for the end user .
stuck in lists screen but none of my lists are showing and the only option is to add a new list . what am i doing wrong ? ( btw- i love what i 've seen so far . being able to add sub tasks under sub tasks ? awesome ! 5th star awaits ...
so far so good , simple and functional . would like an easy way to quickly move items from one list to another as i shift things from a general todo list to a today list each morning . clear clean and ad free . love it .
works very well and is easy to use .
highly recommended . my only complaint is that the interface could use a little improvement as far as navigation and calendar access . otherwise i love that lists are completely customizable .
easy to use . flexible . i use the sub list feature to describe steps needed to accomplish a task . i have lists for every day of the week . some tasks need to be done each day , e.g . wash dishes , etc . some tasks are unique and i create them as needed . for each day i have 'to do ' and 'done ' sections . once a task is completed it goes to the done section . this app helps me focus on getting things done and has become an essential part of my daily routine .
i 've been using the app for a few weeks and i love it . i did n't give it 5 stars because sometimes i get a notification that a task is due , before the notification day/time i set . other than that , no complaints .
i 'm using this app for all my recurring reminders that i need to remember that i do n't actually want on my to do list ( like fill up water bottle , remind kids to pack their lunches , etc ) . i 've tried several apps ; the reason i 've settled on this one for those reminders is b/c it will give me a reminder notification every time whether or not i completed it last time . i love that you can select specific days of the week ( not just weekly or daily ) . my biggest concern is it not having cloud backup .
hi ! so i was supposed to be rating this perfect but i want this app to be improved because i love it so much ! it 's so small yet compact . i love it . my problem is it does n't have a backup option . like a sync thing that i can do it on my google account . i hope you guys have that option the same with other note apps . thanks a lot !
i 've been using rhis app for a few weeks . i have a pixel 2 xl . pros : great app . user friendly . easy to use & group tasks . i love that you can rearrange tasks bases on your preference . im an entrepreneur with many projecrs and it def keeps me on track . cons : i wish it could track the amount of time i spend on each major task & sub task , like a time clock . is this a possibility in q1 or q2 of 2020 ?
almost perfect , the only thing i wish was different is i wish all my lists were available on a main screen & that they were clickable from there . i do n't like that it stays on one list instead of a homescreen instead where all lists available at a quick glance instead of having to go & open the tab to see the lists . i 'd use it a lot more that way .
i would add notes to subtasks
easy and usefully and helpfully
easy and simple to use .
first of all very nice app ! i do however have one problem and a suggestion : the filtered list . can you add conditions based on how frequently the tasks are repeated ? i really want to see my tasks filtered to today , tomorrow , and weekly task lists . hoping for your feedback , z
great but confusing when starting ro to use it
great app so far , very user friendly . would love an option to duplicate a hole list ( found an option to duplicate sub-list only ) . thanks !
great task and project management app . user friendly and versatile . lists and sub lists work well for most to do list requirements . would just recommend to developers to introduce a couple of improvements ... 1 ) there should be a difference between the date you plan to do a task and its deadline/due date . 2 ) would be great to be able to add a description and deadline to a sub list thereby creating little projects .
works great at keeping me organized . i have not had it long so i will have to explore the features . update-new phone . i can now use the microphone to add tasks . this app is just smart enough . i use it as my own personal to do list separate from google tasks which i use for work . it 's simple with just enough features and not all the predictive noise threaded through all google apps .
have n't come across a better app if it 's type . it 's not a project management tool but you can have a list in your reminder ! it 's probably a big leap but if i could share the task list with somebody without exporting that would be cool . the notification , repeat , export control , is brilliant . really helps me organise my home tasks without being frustratingly intrusive and distracting . i 've tried a lot of applications , this is second to none !
very useful very easy to use .
it helps me organize my life .
very useful and easy to use .
i wish i could give it 5 stars . only thing missing is a windows/linux app for syncing , which i ca n't do without , and that 's the only thing keeping me away . i would happily pay for that feature . if you just need an android app , no need to look elsewhere . it has everything you can ask for . the ui is great , and very intuitive .
this is a really useful app for managing multiple to do lists .
good app . effective at reminders . easy to use and read . looked at quite a few task apps . happy i picked this .
i have reminder set for every weekday morning at a certain time . has n't reminded me at the right time yet . always hours after i get it .
very good app . simple to use .
like it !
i really liked this app , however i have downloaded it yesterday and created tasks which repeats daily but it always shows tasks date 30 march . it was just the date i created it , it repeats daily so the dates should change too . it feels as if i am checking undone tasks from the past . even in the calander view these tasks are not added to 31 march . it 's annoying me . please do something about it .
not a very userfriendly app . but you 'll figure it out
so far i am enjoying this task app . i am still learning new things , but is definitely helping me stay organized .
it would be better if we can insert pictures in the tasks . but all in all , it was cute and helpful !
easy interface : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
so far so good . i just need to remember to look at it .
good
tasks : todo is a work in progress . nevertheless , it is very handy , and i am happy to have it . ( i 'm a former wunderlist user . ) i believe the app developer will continue to tweak tasks : todo . not that it 's not helpful now . i do miss the deleted items not being `` hidden '' under the category of tasks they came from . this was very handy for shopping ( especially groceries & other places i shop for ) , i could peruse my completed list for things i may have forgotten . thanks so much ! continue the good work
love it , best i could find so far
lets me make nice lists for everything !
a little confusing to navigate at first but otherwise useful
really , just started using this app . seems pretty good but way early days to rate beyond 4 * even if it does deserve it .
this sponsors exactly what you want it to do . also love the colours and reminder options .
good , could be better i can not find where you can have a task repeat every week , month , year
such an easy to use task manager
best task app i 've found with reminders and a variety of tasks types . keep up the good work .
this app looks great and most of the functions seem to be very practical . there is n't any windows or browser-based version for usage on a computer , is it ? if not , is something in planning ? as wunderlist will be shut down , i 'm in search for a good alternative , and this app with a sync function would be amazing ! edit : showing the calendar view in a widget would be fantastic as well .
just what i need
i like : * the way it separates lists ( `` sub lists '' ) horizontally , and i can switch between them conveniently with swipes , though i tend to accidentally delete tasks when trying to switch lists * i value the convenience of swipe to delete the most * being able to quick add tasks from the main screen , removes one extra tap step * being able to highlight important tasks , but wish it would automatically pin them to the top . feature i wish most for : image attachments . idea : location-based reminders ?
i have looked and looked for an app that would let me make lists and check them off like pen and paper , and this does that . simple and great to use .
i am just beginning to use this app , but it appears to have everything i need
good app
fantastic except i cant attach photos to a task . a picture is worth a thousand words . otherwise it 's the best app for lists . keeping work and home seperate ect .
easy to use
this app is great to organize your day or make shopping lists etc . but sadly i do n't get notifications even if i turned them on . i hope this will be fixed soon !
to do list works good but it is no idiot proof . developer needs to add more walk through instructions at start when the app is downloaded . when people commit on issues- the developer replies offended- but the developer did not make a idiot proof way of solving these problems that a newbie with little patience would have- instead they lash out - its not the user 's fault- its the developer fault for not understanding the concept of idiot proofing a sound product- face it-people do n't read !
easy to use . really helps keeping me on top of things .
working great for me . simple to use , relatively detailled , free ... !
pretty useful
for some reason i ca n't edit my other review on the phone , or if i can it 's not clear how . lists are not in an intuitive place imo , so i missed them entirely , resulting in that erroneous post . if this supported arbitrarily nested task levels i 'd give it five stars , but i 'm definitely going to use this . r.i.p . wunderlist
can construct reminders well with an in depth layout
great app
love it ! ! only wish there was more instruction on how it all works ! it does alot , will be perfect , once i learn how it 's all done : grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes : ! !
just started using and so far it 's good
definitely helps me to stay organized a little easier . i personally use it in conjunction with an old fashioned pen and paper when i have a lot to get done in a day . the only complaint i have with it is that i wish i could add additional reminders for the tasks instead of having to choose a reminder time based off of a due date i set . other than that it 's great and easy to use .
need compatible with apple for 5 star
good
its a very good app however i guess its desktop version is not available . if they have it will be a great organizing app . great app : face_blowing_a_kiss :
good
i love the different colour options : clapping_hands : :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
it 's a good app for task reminder but it still needs some thing more . one needs to go into the menu to switch to the lists no matter which list has an upcoming task . it should have option to show the mix of tasks from all lists in tiles/widgets on app home interface . i really like the snooze option , quite straight away .
helps me keep on track of what needs done .
does what i need it to do
thanks for the response . the fact that an event repeats should have nothing to do with the type of notification and i think there should still be a repeating icon if no notification is set . it is possible to want an event to repeat without getting an alert . also , why is the default `` notification '' when there is a date ? all tasks with dates do not require a notification .
only been using couple days . so far so good . easy to get the hang of . some functionality aspects could be enhanced but overall v glad to be with this app .
simple to use and track tasks
helpful in making list of work
it 's easy , smooth and fast .
a great way to get organized and remember your to-do list !
bullet should be in front of the first line of the paragraph , not in front of the middle of the paragraph
i really loved this app . it has everything i wanted . but i feel like there is still room for improvement in this app , it 's my personal opinion though , it will be better if you could add a screen for the heat map and that heat map would be colored on the days when user did at least one task , another one could be letting user add notes for subtasks also . : folded_hands :
i love the basic version . it really helps me stay organized !
works as advertised , now it 's up to you to finish it .
i love this app . what i liked is the alarm feature for individual list items .
very helpful ! i can see what i have accomplished and organize my week with what i want to do .
this app is so good , it organized my life , but the reminder does not work
great
it 's not as straight forward as others . but i like the many color options i have a task that is a grocery list , so it is lengthy . in moving from list to list i have accidentally removed items . i do n't see an undo .
clear and easy to use
works very well and is easy to use .
like it . colors . change order . multiple list . completing date .
so far so good . i will rate better once i start realy utilizing the app . thanks !
this is the best task keeping app out on the market . it has a very easy interface , and many useful features that are blended together well into a useful product .
the widget shows only 1 list item . is there any way to enable multiple lists viewing in widget mode .
although it 's very helpful but make a navbar of all the lists or try to show all the lists in list format when we open the app so that we can see which lists are there
the app is real comfortable for use , the only thing i ca n't understand is how to view the events you create from the calendar icon top left ?
it ia wonderful app
great , handy way to stay organized
i 'd give this a five star if not for the backing up which prevents importing mismatched versions . kinda redundant if we ca n't use the backup that we took two weeks prior .
very easy to use and intuitive . wish there were a way to roll incomplete tasks forward to a new list or a different list ( i tend to make a list for each day ) . otherwise , love it .
good easy to use
my go to tasks app . happy to finally see a premium payment because you deserve money for this thing , but immediately saddened that it 's subscription only ! i get why , but please add a one time payment option too for those of us who do n't want to deal with such things .
great app . only one disadvantage : no backup possible .
helpful to keep track of to do 's and can set reminders at various times .
very easy to use
does the basics clearly and easily . i particularly like that it allows you to sort completed tasks in alphabetical order ( some other apps do n't )
i have only been using the app for a short period of time . so far it has been a great tool . the bility to addnsubtask to a task is very helpful . great job .
great distillation point for my mind maps , app is very simple interface to a reasonable amount of credible task tracking functionality
easy to organize
easy to use .
amazing for organizing my life
great app , would love customizable notifications and icons . that being said , of course this is a hobby project , just being wishful . meant no offense . i 'd love to reach out , it 's always nice to get in touch with a fellow developer
this is the closest app i 've found since my last upgrade & lost a similar app . best thing about it , it 's very user friendly & everythings right at my fingertips . i 'm still getting used to it , but loving it so far ! i have only one change i 'd like to see . i love how i can change the arrangement in my lists , could you make it so i can change the arrangement of my catagories as well . thank you & i hope i do n't loose this one when it comes time to upgrade !
i wondered about arranging the main tasks and just found the solution ! just needed to scroll to the bottom while in tasks . i can not say enough.about how very helpful this app is ! i have found so many different uses for this app ! i am wondering about the amount of information that can be stored , etc . what would an upgrade include and how much would it cost ?
this app is great ! but i am having one issue that is dragging me away to other apps i like less overall . my work lunch hour switches every week between 11:00am and 12:00pm . i wish there was a way i could have a task repeat `` every two weeks on weekdays '' so that i could have these 2 tasks auto rotate weeks . is this possible in this app ?
i got taks to replace todoist . later , i deleted tasks and went back to todoist . still not happy , i brought back tasks and now run both apps side by side on my phone . perfect solution . todoist carries the heavyweight must-do daily work load . i refer to it two , maybe three times a day . but tasks is there to be fleet of foot and versatile - a quick list here , a few to dos there . adding to and ticking off right throughout the day . that is my way . but tasks would be a great stand-alone app too !
the most user friendly to do list i 've ever had , and i 've tried a few ! i love the colour coding of each list , the push notifications which you can snooze for various amounts of time are spot on . it 's definitely worth trying this if you want to get organised with ease . now i 've been using it for a couple of weeks , i have one thing that would be useful , it would be even more awesome if the snooze options included something specific such as 'tomorrow 8am ' , 'tomorrow 6pm ' . still an amazing app !
easy to install very similar to wunderlist but much easier . was a wunderlist user for over 5 years loved the app kept my finances on straight and narrow thank you for do this amazing list . did not like the new microsoft office task list far to difficult to get let alone use . i do n't have time to fiddle around on phone and this takes me straight to my lists . i also used wunderlist for shopping , planning events loads i am looking forward to using this app .
this is , quite literally , an app that has helped me organize not only my personal but professional life . from planning out my work week and important projects , to listing out groceries , tasks never disappoints . i 've tried tons of different apps , but i always seem to come back to tasks because it 's so user friendly and has so much to offer . on top of that , customer support is amazing . if i could give more than 5 stars , i would .
love love love the app i love the colors . i love that i can change or edit my list . ( i just found out ) i love that i can copy my list and make him into a sub list . i love that it has easy swipe to delete them . i love that i can have several lists under one sub list . i have several different notes , list apps and this one is by far number one ! the best !
i have been a wunderlist user for years . when wunderlist announced they were transferribg to a new platform , i started looking for options . i chose tasks because of its high rating and it has lived up to its rating . it is very easy to use . unfortunately , i could never get the wunderlist download to save on my phone so i have had to reenter everything by hand . but it is doable .
i use this for organizing my homework and it 's very helpful ! ! 10/10 recommend . it 's simple to use , it 's pretty , and it has tons of features . my favorite is the sub tasks as it allows my to have a each subject as a task , and all the assignment in that subject as sub tasks . thx for making this wonderful app ! : OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone : :fire :
i like it because i can keep track of things i need to do . i like the highlighted color it 's a good sky blue and it 's easy to make lists . it feels good to complete a list that takes a long time to complete . it 's good for making for later and good for getting things done i give it 5 stars
i never leave reviews but this app truly deserves it ! somewhat basic in design ( which is very nice to use ) and extremely helpful ! love the traffic light feature ( most important come first ) and the sub-tasks ! if you 're forgetful or have a lot of little to-dos this app would be so beneficial !
have had this app for about 2 weeks and i love it . my last app crashed terribly and did not recover , lost everything . this app is super-simple to use with the right mix and selection of tools . will update my rating in time .
this is exactly what i was looking for ! tried different task apps but il ike the layout and functionality and ease of use . i can create multiple tasks with multiple subtask so i can separate home , work , and play . kudos on a well designed app !
would be perfect if there was a calendar view . update : it is the perfect app to manage my to-do lists for every aspect of my life . the ability to have sub-lists based on priorities and the calendar view make this app the best !
i love this app somedays i just want to be lazy and do nothing but this app helps me stay on top of my game . i use it dor monthly goals and everyday todo lists another good thing about this app is that you can set tiners for each thing to be completed definitly a 10 out of 10 app
love it ! lets you make multiple lists and lets you move items up and down to prioritize . most useful out of several `` to-do list '' apps i 've tried .
this is the best app i 've ever used to boost my productivity and keep a good record of my completed and incomplete tasks . i 'm just a little sad that it 's only compatible with android at the moment . could you please make it compatible with ios too ? it 'd be super helpful if you could ! !
indeed this is probably to be the best tasks app on google play . super flexible and user friendly and yet somehow simple at the same time . i love how the developer thought of , well , everything , you could need really . there is no desktop version yet to sync between computer and phone . i would love to be the first to know when it 's ready , because when i am home ( well all of us really thanks to the coronavirus at the moment ) i prefer to open up my laptop to add tasks because it would be done faster that way . thank you stephen nottage !
it was n't as intuitive as other organizational apps i 've used but once i got the hang of it , wow . so many options to really get organized in a detailed way . i love it
good app to help keep track of multiple jobs . can also create different to-do lists , e.g. , one for home and one for work . love it !
wonderful app and great customer service . this app has replaced 2 or 3 of my old apps . this is the most customizable list app i have found . colors can change , tasks can be rearranged within a list , lists can be rearranged . tasks do n't need a due date or time , but can be assigned either , along with notifications or alarms if desired . i had a small issue with sound , emailed support , problem solved in just a few days . excellent !
thanks stephen ! ! great app . i 'm naturally scattered and fast paced , and this app helps ensure nothing falls through the cracks .
this is everything i ever wanted out of a app without all the headaches and frustration and learning curve . if could have built an app for this project for work you would have been this exact same app . i always of some grand idea of what i want and can never find something quite right and end up very disappointed . it becomes too difficult to figure out how to use the program or its just too simple and not professional enough . you nailed it with this app and made excel look just silly ! !
i have never seen any other tasks or to-do list that has so many options/functions available . i am really impressed and appreciate this app .
this app really helps . it makes me organized in what i need to do especially when i am going out to go to the supermarket and buy stuffs .
seriously impressed with such a simple app . it 's helped me go from writing list after lists in notebooks and losing them , to having it all on my phone whilst i 'm out and about . very convenient ! i 've already recommended to everyone i know who is like me with staying organized . also being pregnant and having baby brain i find it hard to remember to take medication , so having a little reminder instead of an alarm is really handy . the snooze options are a wicked bonus . thank you : star-struck :
i do n't usually rate apps , but i thought i must do for this one . i really like its simplicity and practicality , it has all the features that i needed , it 's easy to use , ad free and all that is free of charge ( i mean , it 's so perfect : grinning_face : ) . i really appreciate the hard work behind it . thank you for this amazing app !
great app . i love this for my daily lists , shopping lists etc . i love it also has the sub lists with tasks . would definately reccomend this app !
great tasks and reminder app . the dev has been responsive and implementa suggestions . looking forward to further updates . waiting for the web app and list sharing .. edit : i believe this to be a 5star app , and will be once completed with the web app and list sharing . if it is 5 stars now , then there is no room for improvement . in jan you stated in coming weeks , so it should be soon , we hope . thank you for a great app . looking forward to completion . i am a paid subscriber and always will be .
works exactly as intended . being able to separate tasks into categories and subtasks is especially useful .
so far this app has been terrific . with all its catagories that you can organize your tasks into it keeps it from getting cluttered and confusing . so far all the alarms have been working and functioning as they are supposed to and it has been easy to use with a quick tutorial when you first open it up .
love it . exactly what i was looking for . nice looking , very functional , and it can go on my homescreen with check boxes . 10/10
i love how i can write done everything and it helps me stay organized . it feels great to tick off completed tasks .
great for organization . i love the color scheme and wide access . works great with reminders and has a good set up : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
amazing app . i use it to track everything from art projects , bills , grocery lists , even my food counter !
perfect , it is brilliant for everything i need . i have even thrown away my old to do list notepad ! ! ! ! ! !
great , simple , and useful . i wanted a checklist that would function directly from the desktop background of my phone , and this works perfectly for that . intuitive , easy , and reliable , and nothing more than what i want . update : a year later & still no better task app for a samsung . updates only made this app better . sublists are easy to organize . setting controls very useful . i do n't use it for reminders b/c it does n't get my attention as well as my phone 's alarm .
been using this app for a year now , and have created something like 20 lists that contain sublists , reminders , to-do 's , groceries , pretty much anything and everything , and i 've been so pleased with the whole experience . in my opinion , this is the best task app for android , and the developer tries to sort out issues and responds quickly to feedback . i highly recommend this app .
this is a great app . it 's peaceful to look at , easy to use . i really wanted a flylady app ( housecleaning reminders ) , and was able to add those routines tonight . i will uncheck the daily chores every night , work away at the weekly zones , and get my house back in shape ! meanwhile , i keep track of grocery lists , who needs new shoes , big city reminders for our next trip . thanks for making such a simple , versatile , customizable tool !
great app ! like that you can get a reminder for your task , either as a notification or alarm . one can also choose to write a task that does n't have a reminder . therefore you can also easily create lists , like a shopping list . it has the feature for quick add for that purpose .
this app is amazing ! i 've tried so many to-do list apps , but this is by far the best ! it allows you to do so many things ! i would definitely recommend this to anyone !
best app i have downloaded thus far . keeps all my task organized with a easy to use app and no annoying ads . highly recommend !
i was looking for an app that let me make todo lists ( for my lazy self ) that met the following criteria : 1 ) something that looked decent . 2 ) something that let me set reminders in case i needed it . 3 ) something that 's quick , easy , and intuitive to use . this app is all of the above and more . i 'm speechless from how amazingly simple and nice-looking the app is . i love being able to set custom colors . if only i could have it on my computer too ! ( maybe widgets in the future ? ) well done , steve : )
i have never rated an app before . i rave about it to others . it 's the perfect blend of simplicity and options to customize . i love having the widget on my phone . i expanded it so i can see many items on my list . i love the different options for reminders and snoozing . i have a hard time transitioning from task to task . only thing i struggle with is the manual reorder of tasks ( hold and drag ) . works better for moving tasks down than up . maybe my screen is not responsive enough or i 'm clumsy .
okay decided to write the review because this app is just amazing . it 's simple and functional . i love the fact how easily you can create tasks , set time etc . the only thing i 'd like an option to set up default settings , like always have an alarm automatically on for the tasks i create . i can finally delete all other task/ reminded apps . found my perfect solution . love it
love that you can have multiple lists and also that you can reorganize the items on your list . when you complete an item , you can either check it off with an automatic date stamp or swipe it off completely : thumbs_up : . this app has a very easy learning curve and i 'm sure it probably has even more cool things that i have not discovered yet !
this is an excellent product allowing you make to make main lists with sub-lists where needed . i have hectic days and it helps me to remember what i have to do and keep a track of all the small things . would love if lists could be shared with a someone and also an export to a chat ( whatsapp ) would make this a 5 star product . thanks for the info steve . just rated you as 5 star . that does help me a lot and i 'm sure many others as well who use whatsapp .
best one so fall ... love it more than keep notes ... i do n't accidentaly loose menus etc and keeping track of sub-lists is easier .
excellent app . well thought features . so far in my experience with a few task apps earlier , i can say this is `` the best '' . thanks and all the best to the team . editing the review to add this : . i have upgraded to premium version . in the last few days of my trial , this app has substantially increased my productivity . considering the benefits & satisfaction of completing tasks without missing them , the paid subscription is more than justified . thank you !
really intuitive but also has loads of functionality . looks great , very responsive ( even on my low-spec phone ) , does much more than google equivalent , worth moving to if you want your calendar to be separate from your to-do lists ( i do ) . that said , i 'm confident there would be some fairly easy way to do almost anything with this app . never felt better about giving five stars to an app !
a super-quick response from the dev sorted out my issue with the alarm sound , so now this little app is perfect for me . you can sort your tasks into lists ; you can be reminded , by notification or alarm , any amount of time beforehand ; you can set a priority for tasks ... and probably more that i have n't discovered yet . now i just need a busier life .
i love this app . it is an easy to use and appealing format . i like being able to move items around on my list of taks without having to re-type or cut and paste . i like the option to leave completed items on the list or have them automatically deleted . i would recommend this app to my friends looking for a good app to help with to-do lists .
great app . unfortunately the price for the cloud sync ( the only premium feature i need ) is rather high
love this app , i 've been more productive since using it . well designed , easy and convenient to use .
love it eventhough we need to learn a little how to use this app . but when you get used to it you 'll find it very easy
just started using it .. i 'm very organized & working from home during this pandemic is easier with the task to do list app : - )
i have searched lots of app for goal planning . this one is best of them . easy to use .
i used to keep my to-do list in a simple text file with a bullet point denoting each task to be done . i decided that i needed a better way to organise my ‘ to-dos ’ and this app met my requirements perfectly . with this app you can arrange your to-dos in order of priority , set reminders , and so forth . the interface is well-designed and can be quickly mastered . the developer has written a very useful web-based help page that will enable you to get the most out of the app .
helps me be organised ! it 's great that it has no ads . thanks , stephen . i really like the icon on my home screen as well . a little thing , but it cheers me up to look at it . i originally gave the app 4 stars only because i do n't like committing myself to 5. but on reflection i think you deserve full points . i have n't explored all the features yet so will get back to you when i do .
just retired and struggled with getting a routine . i like to keep the same tasks on my morning routine and my evening routine . check them off ... then uncheck later for the next day . i made a to do task for things that are not the norm . i really like this ... its a help and keeps me from chasing squirrels
very easy to use , helps me to not miss things that aging was making me forget !
very versatile app . i used this primarily as a to-do list and grocery list .
edit : nope , changing it to 5 stars anyway , it 's great right now and will be brilliant when the web integration is implemented . thank you stephen , incredible work ! absolutely love this app and found it far more suited to my needs than any of the bigger to do apps . looking forward to signing up for the paid version and giving 5 stars when the web integration is rolled out , then it will be absolutely perfect .
works great ! user friendly and comes with a variety of colors to choose from . the colors are nice and they are adjustable to your liking . easy to organize and to navigate . it 's simple and functional . i like how you can set the notification to make it stay on there forever until you swipe it to the side . that way i am still informed about something important while it 's still visible on my screen in case i miss the reminder .
i use this app every day for work mostly but also for personnal tasks or ideas . easy to use , intuitive and convenient . i love the home screen widget where i can stick a list there for frequent view and quick access . keep up the good work dev ( s ) . great app ! very practical ! have n't seen any bugs yet after over a year of usage
this app works really well . it let 's me organize my tasks & reminds me when they 're due , with the ability to give me the option of reminding me early , much like the calendar on my phone . i just like having this app as a backup reminder so i do n't screw up & forget them ( which i seem to be able to do occasionally anyway ) . since i 've yet to find any bugs , i highly recommend this app .
the ui is incredibly intuitive , and there are so many ways to organize your tasks .
its a great tasks app . for me i really appreciate the ability to send a task to my calendar . thank you
so convenient & easy to use ! ! a real game changer for me in managing my home business & home life simultaneously ! !
this task app has been very helpful at organizing things that i do on a daily basis especially making list for shopping or getting gifts for friends . i 've never personally used location tracking so that i can list out a specific location but i 'm sure that it works perfectly fine as long as your gps works as well . i would definitely recommend this to those that are looking for more organization to their day ! 5/5 stars .
excellent tool to organize tasks in multiple lists . thank you for developing it . a few more features would be helpful such as synching the scheduled tasks with google or outlook calendar , moving set of tasks from one list to another , saving and restoring to an online account or preferably to an excel sheet or a csv , etc . it is working wonders for me in the current form , however would love to have these on the top . good luck , and thanks again .
outstanding app ! ! i really tried some and this is the only one that helps me . thanks ! !
good for making yourself checklists . you can organize activity checklists . like you can have a bigger checklists with sublists
a great recommended app . finding it useful so far . be great if available on computer too to sync . i had been using another good app for years but recently gotten taken over by big company and absorb resulting in event forced to use their alternative . searched for replacement and discovered this app by accident and it is fantastic ! easy to use and great features makes organising life a breeze . very happy so far .
wunderlist app is now going away . so when i received their email notification , i started to look for an app that is equal or better with what i currently use . fortunately , there is this tasks that is a great app . easy to use , so helpful with the sublist , has different colors for management , and the reminder list can be set to your own time preference . thank you mr. stephen nottage !
love that you can have several lists , and sub lists , and set reminders/deadlines .
i hardly ever leave reviews but had to make an exception here ... app is colourful , looks great and easy to use ! love the ability to add sub-tasks and set reminders . nearly all features are free to use with no ads . massive props goes out to the dev ! also never seem a dev so active in the reviews section helping users and taking suggestions on board . very well done !
the best widget ! you can swap lists without ever leaving your home screen . and they 're all color coded , yay ! i like that you can use it simple way or a complicated way , depending on what you need , but the complexity never gets in the way of the simple use . thank you for this app .
brilliant app , simple to use and does everything i need from a to do list
its perfect , i really recommend downloading it , it has the priority of your works , calendar , etc ... thank you so much ! it is so useful
it 's one of the well thought app which has been developed . i think it has user friendly and very nice features to manage our work . i would definitely recommend this to anyone who what 's to manage their work ! best thing is no advertisement or any other annoying thing to distract .
i love this app ! simple , easy to use . easy to organize or reorginaze and shuffle my tasks around as needed . this is the best task app that i 've ever tried and i 've tried quite a few . high five to the developer . now i want it for desktop and across all of my devices . i hope that option is coming soon !
yeah , it is really good . also i do n't know how to make a daily reminder . plus , the tasks in my widget disappears and i do n't know how to put it back .
still the best by far and even better with online sync & backup . this is the first todo list i 've ever paid for and been happy to do it . i love the granular approach to organisation so you can get as complex as you like . i use it every day for just about everything .
this app has changed my life , i 'd give it 10 stars if i could . it helps me manage my day to day tasks by making a list for every day of the week and switching between lists . i like that there is a widget available on my pixel phone so that i can see my checklists on my home screen .
what a great app ! i love that i can create sub tasks . i also love that i can move the finished tasks to specific tabs . it makes it easy for me to tell which of my orders have been paid , which have been completed and which have been sent .
i love this app ! ! ! fyi although it is a free to use app i dont remember seeing a single ad ! ! ! ! definietely reccomend
i love this app ! it helps me to stay organized . it 's very convenient . i used to write my to do list on paper , but it 's so much easy to have this app right at my finger tips . its allows me to break my list down into categories , and use different colors to differentiate each category .
i love the interface and the colors . it 's very smooth and fun to look at
great features ! easy to use and modify list details .
convenient ! colorful ! features and settings cater to list-lovers ! i 've always enjoyed hand writing lists for everything & had zero interest in switching or including tech for list making . i had to install 'tasks ' to make a list during an apartment move-in evaluation . to my paperless surprise , there were more issues than i thought i could recall from memory . ended up making four lists w/ this app on the 1st day . now i 'm listbidextrous ! got twice as many w/ both written & app made lists !
especially like that there is a widget option where you can put your tasks on your home screen and be reminded of the tasks you set . very dynamic app yet simple is appearance and interface . helpful and not over the top !
really impressed with the functionality , by far the best to do app out there . functionality is great and the ui is even better - clean , intuitive and perfect to utilize . 10/10 for the lists , sublists and subtasks , even the editable homescreen widget is quality . looking forward to the paired web app .
it is really good and dies not have any ads also is really good for when tidying up
works great ! no ads , no unnecessary complexity
sweet app ! super clean interface . simple and straightforward . me likey
great app ! love how you can easily attach it to your homescreen and interact with everything though the widget . its completely changed how i 've kept myself organized . definitely the best one out there !
this app is the best thing ever first i had the task list from 2010 and i was organising my life and my work , and i thought it was the best , until the new updates and i could not use it anymore and i was so sad but now i found tasks , which is 10 time better , and i am only 4 hous on it . thanks again for the creator and the team great work
for someone who does this on the side , the developer is the most responsive i 've ever seen ! i 've tried at least 6 other popular list apps , and this one is my favorite . it does the best job of laying out lists and sublists that i could find .
helps me a lot ! thank you !
a great , no charge organizer .
i got it for the widget . man it keeps me on task !
very good app
superb . păcat ca varianta premium e prea scumpa , cu plata lunara sau anuala . dacă avea un preț final și definitiv as fi cumpărat-o .
good app user friendly
this app have good design and good features . i am using this app for 2 weeks and i comfortable with this app .
colourful , friendly and let me manage my homework
advanced yet simple . love it , has all the little features you need without the unnecessary complication . alarms , sidenotes , ability to highlight some tasks , organize tasks in order u want
keeps me on task and is helping me reach my goals one list at a time
oke
helps you stay organized . love it ! very easy to use : nerd_face :
great
its so good that you could write down your to do list in check boxes then cross it out
i love this app ! it is flexible , intuitive , attractive , and has features i have been looking for and have been unable to find in the other task list apps i have tried .
so far i have used this app to check off things i hope to get done each day . now i am making a list of short term goals to check off . this will help me get them done soon and feel like i have accomplished something . it will keep reminding me to get them done .
love it
this app is very easy to use . it 's simple but effective . i have a to do list function on my phone wo n't say what kind of phone , but it 's very hard to understand , so i write everything down on paper , and then lose it .
once worked out how to use have found it very useful for listing daily items to do .
pretty useful and organized so far
the widget is really handy . seems to work fine thus far .
an app that is simple to use , and well-built , speaking from everything i 've asked of it so far .
so far it 's everything i need & was looking for .
i 've been using it for a week now . i like how i can break down a task into sub-tasks , very helpful .
helpful . keeps everything easily accessible via the widget
great app . would love a desktop version that syncs .
need to organise my tasks . so far , so good .
i have searched lots of app for goal planning . this one is best of them . easy to use .
we are enjoying this app very much . thanks .
easy to use and functional with features i : heart_with_arrow :
great app to organise all your to do tasks , love it
nice
i like it because i can keep track of things i need to do . i like the highlighted color it 's a good sky blue and it 's easy to make lists . it feels good to complete a list that takes a long time to complete . it 's good for making for later and good for getting things done i give it 5 stars
great app it 's very quick to make notes
very easy to use i love it .
best app i have downloaded thus far . keeps all my task organized with a easy to use app and no annoying ads . highly recommend !
it is a nice app . thanks authorities for creating this app
so convenient & easy to use ! ! a real game changer for me in managing my home business & home life simultaneously ! !
this app helps me a lot
i love this app ! it 's so colourful and easy to use
very easy to use and extremely helpful for me to get organised for the day
helps you organise in a jiffy !
- very flexible task list . - best widget . - easily share your tasks . this app encoraged me to organize my tasks and share details with my friends and colleagues
very useful ! i love it
good for making yourself checklists . you can organize activity checklists . like you can have a bigger checklists with sublists
sweet app ! super clean interface . simple and straightforward . me likey
love it ! lets you make multiple lists and lets you move items up and down to prioritize . most useful out of several `` to-do list '' apps i 've tried .
its perfect , i really recommend downloading it , it has the priority of your works , calendar , etc ... thank you so much ! it is so useful
by far the best task management app !
this is the closest app i 've found since my last upgrade & lost a similar app . best thing about it , it 's very user friendly & everythings right at my fingertips . i 'm still getting used to it , but loving it so far ! i have only one change i 'd like to see . i love how i can change the arrangement in my lists , could you make it so i can change the arrangement of my catagories as well . thank you & i hope i do n't loose this one when it comes time to upgrade !
easy to install very similar to wunderlist but much easier . was a wunderlist user for over 5 years loved the app kept my finances on straight and narrow thank you for do this amazing list . did not like the new microsoft office task list far to difficult to get let alone use . i do n't have time to fiddle around on phone and this takes me straight to my lists . i also used wunderlist for shopping , planning events loads i am looking forward to using this app .
excellent . the best to do app out there .
does what it says on the label
perfect , it is brilliant for everything i need . i have even thrown away my old to do list notepad ! ! ! ! ! !
its a fabulous app . really easy to use . fun as it offers colourful background
yeah , it is really good . also i do n't know how to make a daily reminder . plus , the tasks in my widget disappears and i do n't know how to put it back .
it is easy , quick , and intuitive .
i love the interface and the colors . it 's very smooth and fun to look at
simple , allows you to manipulte lists , sub catagories . first one ive found that really works for me .
love this app ! ! !
this app is great ! but i am having one issue that is dragging me away to other apps i like less overall . my work lunch hour switches every week between 11:00am and 12:00pm . i wish there was a way i could have a task repeat `` every two weeks on weekdays '' so that i could have these 2 tasks auto rotate weeks . is this possible in this app ?
i just love how convenient all the settings are , as someone who loves lists
very versatile app . i used this primarily as a to-do list and grocery list .
great help
so far this app works perfectly for what i need .
очень удобно идеальное приложение . можно сортировать и организовывать записи + выбирать цвета для задач , темы
this app really helps . it makes me organized in what i need to do especially when i am going out to go to the supermarket and buy stuffs .
very easy to use , helps me to not miss things that aging was making me forget !
aplikasi ini sangat membantu
easy to use and the colors help organize my tasks
提醒方式可設定成全螢幕鬧鐘模式，不會錯過
i love this for lists . currently i am using it to keep track if my school work while over this school break !
just started using it .. i 'm very organized & working from home during this pandemic is easier with the task to do list app : - )
good for food shopping
vy useful to hv
make it possible to attach images and links
helped me out alot .
love it . exactly what i was looking for . nice looking , very functional , and it can go on my homescreen with check boxes . 10/10
i absolutely adore this app . it keeps me from getting overwhelmed , but also keeps my house clean because i only take care of what 's on my tasks that day .
just started but easy to use . not accustom to all features but this app makes sense
very easy to use and very useful - thanks .
handy app for reminding me what to get at the shop 's and recording my hours as i 'm a temporary placement employee
especially like that there is a widget option where you can put your tasks on your home screen and be reminded of the tasks you set . very dynamic app yet simple is appearance and interface . helpful and not over the top !
easy to use , great colors , love it .
i love this app ! ! ! fyi although it is a free to use app i dont remember seeing a single ad ! ! ! ! definietely reccomend
it was n't as intuitive as other organizational apps i 've used but once i got the hang of it , wow . so many options to really get organized in a detailed way . i love it
great app
simple and efficient app .
extremely helpful for me . great app
best to do list app i have used
fantastic app , does exactly what i want it to do . thank you so much !
works great ! no ads , no unnecessary complexity
i have never seen any other tasks or to-do list that has so many options/functions available . i am really impressed and appreciate this app .
love it
keeps me on task
does what i need it to , no account required
love love love the app i love the colors . i love that i can change or edit my list . ( i just found out ) i love that i can copy my list and make him into a sub list . i love that it has easy swipe to delete them . i love that i can have several lists under one sub list . i have several different notes , list apps and this one is by far number one ! the best !
great .
i 've used several task and todo apps . this is the best by far !
i love it ! helps me stay organised .
i recently switched over from the original business calendar app which i have been using for many years . this version has a fancier ui but functionally seems much the same as far as the calendar goes which is fine , if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! i think other features have been added but i do n't really use them . update : full screen ads suck . they appear and can not be closed for a long time . show me an ad if you must but let me close it , the free version is unusable this .
i am going to drop this app after years of use because of recent full page video ads which are out of control . edited to add : of course the free version has ads . always has , and i do n't mind , because * something * has to pay for app development . but these new full page , video that ca n't be shut down , in your face for many seconds ads are new and intolerable . that was a bad business mistake you can correct . i hope you correct it soon . i 'll be checking back to see .
resonse ( 2/13/20 ) : i know that the free version is not ad-free . the issue that what you have done recently is to force people to watch ads instead of just clicking them away . and this happens while i 'm trying to add or edit something on the calendar . had to change from 5 to 1 star because of these pop up ads . will be looking for a new app soon .
ads with free apps are acceptable , but fullscreen & non-skippable ads blocking the entire screen for 20 seconds are not . awful user experience . google has recently removed 600 android apps from play store because of disruptive fullscreen ads , this app may be the next one to be removed . not recommended .
its a great app i used for years . i was ok with ads , but the full screen ca n't be immediately banished ads make it unusable . when i need calendar info , i need it right now . i 'll give it a couple of weeks but if it does n't go back to discrete corner ads i 'm out . edit post response : i 'd have paid a couple of bucks for ad free version , because it is better than stock calendar . but its not 7 bucks better . so if you 're not going to remove full screen ads , after years of using , got ta say buh bye ...
i 've used this app for years and have loved it up until now . now i get full page ads that sit there for 5 seconds and disrupt what i 'm doing . i do n't mind a full page ad that i can back out of or scrolling ads at the bottom , but to force me to watch a 5 second ad is not reasonable . seems like they 're forcing you to pay up or move on to another app . if this continues i 'll find another app .
love this calendar up until a few days ago . the ads used to be fairly non-intrusive , which i get and could totally live with . now they have a full screen animation that you have to wait on to use the calendar . totally unacceptable when i 'm with a customer . absolutely do not recommended this calendar as currently configured .
i 've had this app for years , even upgraded it to the premium version . loved it .. then as the developers started updating , i started having many issues . each time i used the app it would show in the premium or free version ; it was inconsistent . i wrote the customer service for assistance and i did n't get any help . so i lived with it . most recently , i started receiving ads after every entry ; not okay ! ! i sent another email 2 wks ago which they have not responded to ; which is why i 'm here . help !
used this app for years , but i can not tolerate the recent full page video ads that pop up after every calendar entry . i use the free version which i know is sponsored by ad , the recent updates allow intrusive , excess ads that you can even skip and i ca n't renter the app to verify my calendar entry was added/modified corrected . the developer or owner has really overstepped with the recent updates and ads . i 'm going back to the free google app instead . i hope you push out a new update before y
this used to be a very good calendar app with plenty of good features in the free version already . unfortunately they introduced intrusive full-screen ads recently to force you into buying the premium version . i 'll rather switch to another calendar app than be blackmailed like that .
used this calendar for years without any issue . now ads will take over the entire screen after entering an appointment in the calendar and there is a delay before you can cancel them out . terrible and disappointing choice on the part of the developers . they 've lost me as a user as i refuse to pay for a pro version for a simple calendar app . do yourself a favor and stay away . the ads suck and are annoying .
excellent ui . easy to use and sync to gmail . events and tasks all at once . since the last update on feb 13 , 2020 , this app shows video ad . after modify calendar which you can not close until the ad is finished . you have to be careful if you are in quiet environment ie meetings .
used the free version for years , no issues , did n't need the pro features . then they started putting in ads - not the kind that pop up along the bottom but ones that completely hijack the screen while you 're trying to work . worst bait-and-switch i 've ever seen .
i have used this app for a couple of years now and it was great . it had small banner ads before , however recently they have incorporated video ads which play every time you input a new plan . this is incredibly tedious and a massive waste of time . do not download .
great app but why do you need 13 ad trackers in this paid for pro app ? exodus privacy list 13 trackers against your app which is rediculous . using this every day , but now concerned my every move is being tracked 13 times . edit : you inform , so that makes it okay then , for you . perhaps other more privacy focussed users should look elsewhere . how do i confirm the trackers are not used ? trust you , i bet .... 13 are for revenue , 1 will suffice for personalising .
recent addition of very intrusive full-screen video ads has crossed a line . at first i thought my phone had been hacked ! i totally understand need for revenue for a great free app , but this is too much . i 'm going elsewhere very soon without a change !
unskippable video ads pop up when you are adding or editing an event . i mean video ads popping up in a * calendar * app is bush league already , but unskippable ? may as well have a boxing glove on a spring pop out of my phone and smash my groin - that 's probably preferable .
ads started appearing whenever i 'd modify something . not cool . edit : i have no problems with banner ads , but ads that completely disable functionality for a period of time completely defeats the purpose of using this app for better functionality .
using the app since years , now whenever open the app , trying to save an entry , full page advertisement opens for atleast 30 seconds causes missing what more to enter on different dates , this app is at its worst
developer started to add invasive ads , and worst of all , the functionality that was working before , is not working anymore . probably the app is busy with the invasive ad and forgot about the job at hand : ) and yes , i know about the payed version
used to be good . now massive full screen adds with sound . first time they ran without warning , very embarrassing . will give it a week to revise , then will uninstall . adds are ok , but the full screen nature with sound is n't .
the ads now pop-up full screen . that is very , very , very , very annoying . what if i 'm on an important call making an appointment and then you pop-up this irrelevant ad right in my face . unprofessional .
my go to for years . until the last update . ads used to be unintrusive . now you have to wait 10 seconds after every calendar update for the ad to run . uninstalling now .
i am also looking to change after years of usage . the app stooping to advertising unless a new upgrade is paid is dishonest . i paid for my old version and was satisfied with its functionality . not interested in your new version
the ads are a joke . completely destroyed the experience . maybe they have n't tried searching for calendar on the play store and noticed the hundred other options ? look elsewhere for calendar needs !
the link provided is the same robot answer i received by email . i still can not download the the pro version i bought as it was removed from the market . if you remove it from the market then obvisouly no one can download it . and if it is not removed . provide the download link . else do not tell your customers that it is a perpetual license . did you ever hear about short links ? ?
i 've used this calendar for years . it has always been the best . but now they 've added ads . unless those go away , i 'll be finding a new calendar .
used to be 5 stars . i 've used this app for years .... the sudden addition of full page unskipable adds ruined it . it looks like i 'm not alone in my disappointment .
awful ! at one point , i bought the business calendar 2 app , and i the update has ads . i 'm supposed to purchase the newest version ? yeah , no thanks .
it used to be the best calendar for many years , till now , when annoying advertisements are popping up all the time . so sad , but it 's totally intolerable , need to uninstall and find another app
i understand the need to play ads in a free version . but your ads are going for 30 seconds before you can get rid of them which makes this app unusable .
terrible when you get a new phone ! only about half my data transferred when i updated my phone ! ! months of scheduled events do n't show up now ! ! not happy at all with this app ! ! !
loved it until they added cartoon ads . you 'll be with a client and a video game comes up as you 're scheduling their appointment . makes us look very unprofessional .
5 up to 15 seconds are too much for staring at an add in an app that is listed under `` productivity '' . already expecting the lame excuse given to all the comments . please rethink if you want to go the `` standard '' way you mention , or if a developer should try to give its best and attract users . i 'm in favour of ads in free app versions , but this is too much !
does not sync automatically . very frustrating . have to go in and `` sync now '' even though setting is set to sync every hour . done with this app
do not install this app . i used to love it , but in the most recent update the advertisements have made it absolutely unusable . i am switching to google calendar and never looking back
unskippable pop up video adds with sounds . awful and completely inappropriate for 'business ' as the name suggests . i shall look forward to deleting this app and avoiding this developer from now on .
the new full-screen video advertisements make the basic version of this app unusable . i 'm looking looking for a replacement .
never responded to my original review in 2019 and the response to my latest review still does n't answer the fact that any tasks that are recurring do not show in calendar even though you sync this information .
used to be good but started showing full screen ads even when the app is not open . currently unusable .
the pop-up advertisements make the free version impossible to use . i will be forced to change to a different app after years of use
i do n't mind ads , but not those which run in full screen mode and can not be closed by me .
full screen ads you ca n't skip every time you add or edit an event ! ! !
not into your ads . i 've had your app on my phone for years . uoure about to be deleted for a google calendar . sorry .
full screen video ads ! i can live with banner ads but not this .
used this app for months with no issues but after most recent update it plays an ad every time i add a new event to my calender , awful
app starts ads after 1 month and opens wanting paid every time after the first month .
updated and the only thing new is ads . deleting after years of use over multiple phones .
deleting . was great . now horrible . bad move with the ads guys .
i used past 5 years ... nice app .. but now more advertisement ... so i uninstall the app ..
waste of time , unusable can not delete events
frustrating i brought the upgrade and none of the features show up none ! no `` to do '' tab , no widgets nothing . so someone get back to me and explain why the app is n't showing any of the features in your description .
clicking the top bar on the day widget to open the standard view does not work anymore . i have mine set to month and it just keeps bringing up the day everytime . please fix or i will use another app !
ad heavy plus unable to use widget and stock calander app
too many long ads
paid for the upgrade but the weather functionality does n't work and moving between months inside the calendar is not intuitive . i 'd like a refund please .
predatory ads killing it ...
ads ads ads .
force feeds users with video ads after each entry .
it sync the google task once . thereafter no more sync . dissappointed .
would you please add day and night mode for widgets that would sync with system 's day and night status ? thank you
paid for pro version . money taken . app is exactly the same as before payment . scammed .
full screen ads ruin it all i 've been using this since it was just `` business calendar '' . it was still $ 7 back then so i would n't buy it but would click the ads every now and then . now with the full screen ads it 's practically unusable . also , before the dev comes in with the stock `` the free version has ads '' response : no duh it has ads . we did n't pay for the app because its upfront cost is too high so we liked the corner ads . now you force them to take over our screens . uninstalled and 1-star .
functionality for which i paid has been removed in android 10. i am sick tired of this stuff going on .
i uninstalled it within 20 minutes of paying for it . its features do n't work as hoped , especially font and color customization : the unpaid version advertised * presets * , aka themes . but they did n't exist in the pro . this is on an android 10 , oxygen 10.3.1 tmus 1+6t . developer , your 2020.3.3 reply makes no sense : it still does n't take into account this * particular * phone or my specific terms . here 's to those themes in future releases , along with a dynamic icon , and the developer 's professionalism .
i have been a subscriber of the pro version for years when this new version came out i tried it and there were problems . i tried it again and it seems to work well . i tried running with one alarm and now it dose n't stop when i acknowledge it i 'm going back to the old version . i have removed pro 2 if the problem pesiststs i will have to find a new calendar . very frustrated .
do n't bother installing this app . the free version is garbage . recently the developer made the decision for inclusion of ads . the ads pop up every time you add an event to the calendar . the developer has chosen to sacrifice usability of the app and consumer comfort in the rush to monetise the app . i have uninstalled it and will not be returning to the app again .
i used to love this calendar , but now it has full screen ads/videos that take over your phone . ca n't do anything else while the pop-up ad is running . first one of these i saw - uninstalled ! ! ... response : the ads definitely come up more than twice per day and the calendar is definitely not functional while the ads are running - you must wait for the commercial to end before you can open the calendar again . i can understand bar ads at the top or bottom of a free app , but full length commercials ? !
i used to like , even love this app . it was great . now though , every time i add an event on my calendar an ad comes up and stays there until it is finished . it 's awful ! so far the ads have not been inappropriate , just annoying . i do n't think that going to the pro version would fix this . i do n't even know how to find the pro version to purchase as it does n't show up in the play store . super frustrating . i do n't want to find another app . i just want this one to work without the silly ads .
i paid for this app , and it was a wonderful app , easy platform , customisable . but , there has been a recent addition of ads . all the time ! for an app i have paid for i think this is disgusting . i response to you , no these are n't spam events linked to my phone . i uninstalled this app and used my original paid version of the called app and there are no ads . i was prompted to update to this version a while ago . i thought it was just an ad on from the paid version of business calendar i had .
i use the pro version . but what happened to the option to purchase holidays ? my christian and jewish holidays do n't show up anymore .
advertising .. everywhere now , so bye bye
do not download this app . there are ads everything you use i ( as of feb 26 , 2020 ) , despite what the developer says about the `` 18 hour '' . just read other reviews and you 'll see that the intrusive ads have killed this free app . look for another similar app
best free calendar is now unacceptable with full audio , full screen video ads . the price to avoid the ad mugging is ridiculously too much . uninstalled and looking for another .
the app per se is good . sadly the customer service when you have an issue is no where to be found . for about a month i have sent emails since the app after an update went back to basic , even after paying the pro version about 3 years ago . no help has been provided after all this time . in my view , you can make it or break it when you take care of your paying customer or ignore him . it seems like they dont see it that way . perhaps now they will pay attention .
wow . had a 30 second ad that gave me the uninstall this app command . i used to like the 1st but eventually moved to the 2nd but after that atrocious ad , i uninstalled and used google calendar which the widget is not as nice but works great .
those fullscreen ads made me uninstall it after years of using it happily . bye . wo n't come back . my response : or , you know , i can simply use another calendar app that 's free and has no ads .
been using this app for years , this app called itself business calendar but now includes popups which blasts the speaker at full volume . how am i supposed to use this app during business meetings ? ? like the others who gave their feedbacks , guess it 's time we move on to another calendar app like onecalendar which dosent have ads
ads interrupt you while adding items to your calendar . this app used to have a banner for ads at the bottom which was fine . now the ads are annoying and timed . reply to developer : no thanks . i rather uninstall your app completely . : OK_hand :
the free version has horrible ads . other than that , the app is marginally better than google 's free calendar app that had no ads ... it was an easy decision to uninstall and go back to google calendar .
does n't popup reminder anymore with android 10 update . & revert by support claiming its purely android 10 issue is n't true ... there are apps which continue to have pop-ups ( shared with developer , who refuses to acknowledge this & only give defense of android issue )
my google account did n't sync , so i had to delete it and add it anew . now everything 's gone . no backup possible , no export . i loved the app and would love to have it for iphone as well . but not being able to back up any data is pretty annoying . i 'm super disappointed , all my appointments are gone !
reminder works but i scroll down from top i see the correct items ! bc not google ! . if i open i see some old reminders ... sometimes they update . mostly not .... pls solve the problem once and for all . it must have something to do with cache in the app itself ... not a google calendar issue ... btw ; bad support on mail .. no or useless response ! !
whenever creating a new event , it does n't use the calendar 's default reminders , which google calendar does , so i have to use google calendar to add new events . this kind of defeats the purpose of having this app installed . also , constant popups nagging to buy premium . i 'd buy premium to improve my experience , not to make it more bearable .
i used to love this ... now on my phone it 's oddly presenting and tasks are worthless , no syncing , and just too much work . seems to have been since last update . support i was given was also unhelpful . went into actual google calendar and realized it had n't been syncing for 3 plus weeks uninstalled . reinstalled . half way working but now its showing i dont have premium ( wrong ) and wont let me access . 6 hours now ... big `` pro ' stamped across app . we shall see how long until my next contact .
if leaving a negative review is the only way to grab the attention of their non-responsive support team , then so be it . i purchased business calendar because of its outlook calendar sync feature , however the calendar requires an existing outlook account on the phone . i wanted a standalone outlook connector - one calendar app does a fine job there , this one fails . i asked for a refund the same day , and sent follow up emails too , but thus far no response . useless support , do n't deserve stars .
i 've been using this app for a month now , everything was fine until today when i opened it to change something , and it deleted all my data , from the app and from the phone calendar too . i 'm highly disappointed and really upset since i lost all my data .
why do you say that you can disable permissions at any time but then the app does n't work at all if you do ? why have an app on your phone that you will never use ? i have disabled the google app on my phone for a reason . it 's gone completely psycho generating up to three completely nonsensical events and associated 6 reminders every week . the only way to stop it was to completely disable it . why do you think i was looking for a calendar app to begin with ? why do you need another calendar app in
since you have put advertisements in app i say goodbye .. on top of that an update came up and is n't possible to view description of booked day unless you click on it . disappointed .
note to self : : : i did find an app that does not need my personal details in order to function . edit : : : it is clear that the developers of this app have absolutely no idea what they 're doing because their app did request a password from me ; a password i was not willing to give . i do n't care that they are calling me a liar . i am not asking anybody anything - i am merely telling prospective clients what i experienced with this app and to be careful . there are more secure apps available out there .
i loved this app for years , but for the last 3 months ( ever since i got a samsung note 10 plus ) it duplicates every entry , puts some events on the day before or after , and shows every event as a birthday .
so , 2 ( almost 3 ) years ago i purchased the pro version of this app . at the time , that unlocked access to all present and future `` pro '' aspects . now , however , after a long list of changes , the fact that i have already paid for this app and been using it for years does n't seem to matter . i 'm now constantly being asked to repurchase a product i already own . to add insult to injury , features that used to be standard ( drag & drop ) are now a pro feature , that i should already own , cost $ 6.99 and up .
compared to version 1 - poor . allows for editing one entry of ( for example ) a weekly appointment , but rather than edit the one instance ( as you think you are doing ) it creates a new one , so you have a double entry , the original which you ca n't delete , even after synching . if you 've set weekly appointments and one is cancelled , you should be able to edit that one instance without creating a duplicate . i 've had this installed for some time now , thinking that the developers would resolve these problems , but although the app has regular 'updates ' , nothing has changed . drag and drop defaults to copy , imo should be 'move ' by default . if you change an appointment it changes , not duplicates . also the interface and look ( big text and colours ) looks like a children 's calender , while the original version actually looked quite professional .
the features and functionality are pretty good , with support for google tasks . but the homescreen widget does n't load at all on android 9 after restarting the device . one has to remove it and reinstall it , which is a pain . and the support team was not helpful at all . they went from suggesting a solution which suggested they did n't understand their own app to being completely unresponsive .
spam , malware . adds scamming events to your calendar . upd : no , it came from your app . i never had this problem , for 5+ years , but after installing this application i do .
i regret using it . well , the apps itself is fine , i have used it for over 6 months . it 's easy to navigate . it 's not ideal but understandable to have the export calendar function as a pro feature . but then , my phone malfunctioned and i was unable to access this apps . there is no online syncing or a web version so that i can refer back to . edit : i have try the syncing method in faq . most of my calendars are local calendars which i fail to sync or switch them to google calendar .
ive been using the pro version of this app for over two years and its been great . but , now it does n't alert me to events . i have changed all the settings in the app and android to allow alerts and i have adjusted the battery settings to allow background activity by the app , but still no alerts . the alerts only work when i open the app . pointless !
suddenly not free . been using for years . now i just had to pay to stay ad-free . i did not want the extras of `` pro '' i just wanted the app i was using to continue to do what it was doing and not show ads . should have found a way to disable ads for grandfathered users without access to other features . wish i had n't paid it half asleep . i 'd find a new app instead .
purchased , but a disappointment . after phone boot , the widget is all black until it completely loads ; and is annoying ! ideally , the developer should cache calendar entires to prevent such issues , and refresh once the app is fully up and functional . the issue is prominent with nova launcher on oreo 8.1 on tugapower rom for the oneplus one .
for what i needed , it was n't good enough . i was going to have to buy the pro version to truly enjoy it . too bad , had a lot of potential .
never responded to my original review in 2019 and the response to my latest review still does n't answer the fact that any tasks that are recurring do not show in calendar even though you sync this information .
i uninstalled it within 20 minutes of paying for it . its features do n't work as hoped , especially font and color customization : the unpaid version advertised * presets * , aka themes . but they did n't exist in the pro . this is on an android 10 , oxygen 10.3.1 tmus 1+6t . developer , your 2020.3.3 reply makes no sense : it still does n't take into account this * particular * phone or my specific terms . here 's to those themes in future releases , along with a dynamic icon , and the developer 's professionalism .
nope . nope . nope .
bad . avoid
: fire : update : only manual sync works . down to 1 : glowing_star : until you fix this . best calendar out there ! love it ! it looks great , works flawlesly , erganomics & ease of use is absolutely outstanding and i 'm sure it tastes good as well if you could eat it !
using the app since years , now whenever open the app , trying to save an entry , full page advertisement opens for atleast 30 seconds causes missing what more to enter on different dates , this app is at its worst
this used to be a very good calendar app with plenty of good features in the free version already . unfortunately they introduced intrusive full-screen ads recently to force you into buying the premium version . i 'll rather switch to another calendar app than be blackmailed like that .
if you do n't stop to force ads clip watching , bye bye .
i have been a subscriber of the pro version for years when this new version came out i tried it and there were problems . i tried it again and it seems to work well . i tried running with one alarm and now it dose n't stop when i acknowledge it i 'm going back to the old version . i have removed pro 2 if the problem pesiststs i will have to find a new calendar . very frustrated .
used to love it , now it 's been an issue after issue with this app . you 'd expect that it would perform at least the basic task of reading my calendars . does n't even do that anymore , no matter how many times i try to sync it . so much for getting the `` premium '' version . disappointing .
app starts ads after 1 month and opens wanting paid every time after the first month .
it always reactivate calendar from all google account on the device and show it eventhough i have untick it in the calendar & task list . calendar is full with unneeded event and the essentials wont show .
best free calendar is now unacceptable with full audio , full screen video ads . the price to avoid the ad mugging is ridiculously too much . uninstalled and looking for another .
ads with free apps are acceptable , but fullscreen & non-skippable ads blocking the entire screen for 20 seconds are not . awful user experience . google has recently removed 600 android apps from play store because of disruptive fullscreen ads , this app may be the next one to be removed . not recommended .
awful ! at one point , i bought the business calendar 2 app , and i the update has ads . i 'm supposed to purchase the newest version ? yeah , no thanks .
full screen ads ruin it all i 've been using this since it was just `` business calendar '' . it was still $ 7 back then so i would n't buy it but would click the ads every now and then . now with the full screen ads it 's practically unusable . also , before the dev comes in with the stock `` the free version has ads '' response : no duh it has ads . we did n't pay for the app because its upfront cost is too high so we liked the corner ads . now you force them to take over our screens . uninstalled and 1-star .
use this app every day and used to totally love it . but in the last month or so they have allowed full-page video ads to take over the screen . the only way to get rid of them is to force close the app , which i now do repeatedly . ca n't continue like this ! totally unacceptable . what the heck could they possibly have been thinking . downright stupid business decision . looking hard for another app to replace this one as soon as i can . it was nice while it lasted .
i 've used this calendar for years . it has always been the best . but now they 've added ads . unless those go away , i 'll be finding a new calendar .
waste of time , unusable can not delete events
i used to love this calendar , but now it has full screen ads/videos that take over your phone . ca n't do anything else while the pop-up ad is running . first one of these i saw - uninstalled ! ! ... response : the ads definitely come up more than twice per day and the calendar is definitely not functional while the ads are running - you must wait for the commercial to end before you can open the calendar again . i can understand bar ads at the top or bottom of a free app , but full length commercials ? !
been using this app for many years . the recent update has brought ads . uninstalling .
those fullscreen ads made me uninstall it after years of using it happily . bye . wo n't come back . my response : or , you know , i can simply use another calendar app that 's free and has no ads .
force feeds users with video ads after each entry .
been using this app for years , this app called itself business calendar but now includes popups which blasts the speaker at full volume . how am i supposed to use this app during business meetings ? ? like the others who gave their feedbacks , guess it 's time we move on to another calendar app like onecalendar which dosent have ads
looks polished app but time after time new issues come up . raising these issues with the developer rarely gets timely response or interest in fixing it ( i 'm a paid user ) . today , tasks lost their subtasks on one device , while the 2nd device is ok ( for now ) || to devs : task ( and their subs ) used to sync across devices via google drive .. seems like you eliminated this feature by switching to google tasks in your recent update . totally useless app now for me ( at least )
i use the pro version . but what happened to the option to purchase holidays ? my christian and jewish holidays do n't show up anymore .
developer started to add invasive ads , and worst of all , the functionality that was working before , is not working anymore . probably the app is busy with the invasive ad and forgot about the job at hand : ) and yes , i know about the payed version
used to be 5 stars . i 've used this app for years .... the sudden addition of full page unskipable adds ruined it . it looks like i 'm not alone in my disappointment .
not into your ads . i 've had your app on my phone for years . uoure about to be deleted for a google calendar . sorry .
do not download this app . there are ads everything you use i ( as of feb 26 , 2020 ) , despite what the developer says about the `` 18 hour '' . just read other reviews and you 'll see that the intrusive ads have killed this free app . look for another similar app
the ads are a joke . completely destroyed the experience . maybe they have n't tried searching for calendar on the play store and noticed the hundred other options ? look elsewhere for calendar needs !
ad heavy plus unable to use widget and stock calander app
used this app for years , but i can not tolerate the recent full page video ads that pop up after every calendar entry . i use the free version which i know is sponsored by ad , the recent updates allow intrusive , excess ads that you can even skip and i ca n't renter the app to verify my calendar entry was added/modified corrected . the developer or owner has really overstepped with the recent updates and ads . i 'm going back to the free google app instead . i hope you push out a new update before y
do n't bother installing this app . the free version is garbage . recently the developer made the decision for inclusion of ads . the ads pop up every time you add an event to the calendar . the developer has chosen to sacrifice usability of the app and consumer comfort in the rush to monetise the app . i have uninstalled it and will not be returning to the app again .
i am also looking to change after years of usage . the app stooping to advertising unless a new upgrade is paid is dishonest . i paid for my old version and was satisfied with its functionality . not interested in your new version
ads ! ! ! !
ads interrupt you while adding items to your calendar . this app used to have a banner for ads at the bottom which was fine . now the ads are annoying and timed . reply to developer : no thanks . i rather uninstall your app completely . : OK_hand :
predatory ads killing it ...
full screen video ads ! i can live with banner ads but not this .
this is update on 22 feb 2020 i do n't know what happened to the app , but it now annoys me every second time i open it , with some ridiculous animated games , which hijack the whole phone for about 30 seconds , and then goes to google play , asking to download the idiotic game . not sure if it 's the app itself , or if it 's been hacked . in either case i am uninstalling this ! ========= excellent app , i 've been using it for many years now , since its predecessor ..... all good with app : - )
i used this calander app for years and found it to be excellent . but recently it started playing full page video ads making accessing information on the fly unreliable . i 'm sure the paid version is still great but i cant recommend using this as a free calander app anymore .
ads ads ads .
loved it until they added cartoon ads . you 'll be with a client and a video game comes up as you 're scheduling their appointment . makes us look very unprofessional .
i 've had this app for years , even upgraded it to the premium version . loved it .. then as the developers started updating , i started having many issues . each time i used the app it would show in the premium or free version ; it was inconsistent . i wrote the customer service for assistance and i did n't get any help . so i lived with it . most recently , i started receiving ads after every entry ; not okay ! ! i sent another email 2 wks ago which they have not responded to ; which is why i 'm here . help !
i paid for this app , and it was a wonderful app , easy platform , customisable . but , there has been a recent addition of ads . all the time ! for an app i have paid for i think this is disgusting . i response to you , no these are n't spam events linked to my phone . i uninstalled this app and used my original paid version of the called app and there are no ads . i was prompted to update to this version a while ago . i thought it was just an ad on from the paid version of business calendar i had .
i have used this app for a couple of years now and it was great . it had small banner ads before , however recently they have incorporated video ads which play every time you input a new plan . this is incredibly tedious and a massive waste of time . do not download .
i understand the need to play ads in a free version . but your ads are going for 30 seconds before you can get rid of them which makes this app unusable .
do not install this app . i used to love it , but in the most recent update the advertisements have made it absolutely unusable . i am switching to google calendar and never looking back
its a great app i used for years . i was ok with ads , but the full screen ca n't be immediately banished ads make it unusable . when i need calendar info , i need it right now . i 'll give it a couple of weeks but if it does n't go back to discrete corner ads i 'm out . edit post response : i 'd have paid a couple of bucks for ad free version , because it is better than stock calendar . but its not 7 bucks better . so if you 're not going to remove full screen ads , after years of using , got ta say buh bye ...
the pop-up advertisements make the free version impossible to use . i will be forced to change to a different app after years of use
updated and the only thing new is ads . deleting after years of use over multiple phones .
paid for premium and now i keep getting ads after the update .
misleading , all themes require pro .
unskippable video ads pop up when you are adding or editing an event . i mean video ads popping up in a * calendar * app is bush league already , but unskippable ? may as well have a boxing glove on a spring pop out of my phone and smash my groin - that 's probably preferable .
does not sync automatically . very frustrating . have to go in and `` sync now '' even though setting is set to sync every hour . done with this app
i am going to drop this app after years of use because of recent full page video ads which are out of control . edited to add : of course the free version has ads . always has , and i do n't mind , because * something * has to pay for app development . but these new full page , video that ca n't be shut down , in your face for many seconds ads are new and intolerable . that was a bad business mistake you can correct . i hope you correct it soon . i 'll be checking back to see .
since you have put advertisements in app i say goodbye .. on top of that an update came up and is n't possible to view description of booked day unless you click on it . disappointed .
ads started appearing whenever i 'd modify something . not cool . edit : i have no problems with banner ads , but ads that completely disable functionality for a period of time completely defeats the purpose of using this app for better functionality .
deleting . was great . now horrible . bad move with the ads guys .
recent addition of very intrusive full-screen video ads has crossed a line . at first i thought my phone had been hacked ! i totally understand need for revenue for a great free app , but this is too much . i 'm going elsewhere very soon without a change !
the free version has horrible ads . other than that , the app is marginally better than google 's free calendar app that had no ads ... it was an easy decision to uninstall and go back to google calendar .
i had given 5 stars in jun 2017. i 'm changing it to 1 star because of the full screen ads which can not be dismissed . i 'm grateful to the developer for creating this nice looking calendar app and was happy to tolerate the ads in the free version but the full screen ads really disrupt the process of adding an event to the point where it becomes intolerable . i 'll just switch to google calendar which syncs better anyway . thanks for the few years of a great app .
full screen ads you ca n't skip every time you add or edit an event ! ! !
the new full-screen video advertisements make the basic version of this app unusable . i 'm looking looking for a replacement .
excellent ui . easy to use and sync to gmail . events and tasks all at once . since the last update on feb 13 , 2020 , this app shows video ad . after modify calendar which you can not close until the ad is finished . you have to be careful if you are in quiet environment ie meetings .
i used past 5 years ... nice app .. but now more advertisement ... so i uninstall the app ..
advertising .. everywhere now , so bye bye
i have been using this app for many years . definitely one of the best calendar apps for android . unfortunately , too big desire for monetization of the app won . full screen ads which you can not close are now popping up after adding events and more . such a big disappointment ! you can of course purchase the app but for me it does n't add any more value as i do n't use pro functions . i guess it 's time to switch to google 's native app .
love this calendar up until a few days ago . the ads used to be fairly non-intrusive , which i get and could totally live with . now they have a full screen animation that you have to wait on to use the calendar . totally unacceptable when i 'm with a customer . absolutely do not recommended this calendar as currently configured .
too many long ads
i recently switched over from the original business calendar app which i have been using for many years . this version has a fancier ui but functionally seems much the same as far as the calendar goes which is fine , if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! i think other features have been added but i do n't really use them . update : full screen ads suck . they appear and can not be closed for a long time . show me an ad if you must but let me close it , the free version is unusable this .
resonse ( 2/13/20 ) : i know that the free version is not ad-free . the issue that what you have done recently is to force people to watch ads instead of just clicking them away . and this happens while i 'm trying to add or edit something on the calendar . had to change from 5 to 1 star because of these pop up ads . will be looking for a new app soon .
5 up to 15 seconds are too much for staring at an add in an app that is listed under `` productivity '' . already expecting the lame excuse given to all the comments . please rethink if you want to go the `` standard '' way you mention , or if a developer should try to give its best and attract users . i 'm in favour of ads in free app versions , but this is too much !
my go to for years . until the last update . ads used to be unintrusive . now you have to wait 10 seconds after every calendar update for the ad to run . uninstalling now .
wow . had a 30 second ad that gave me the uninstall this app command . i used to like the 1st but eventually moved to the 2nd but after that atrocious ad , i uninstalled and used google calendar which the widget is not as nice but works great .
unskippable pop up video adds with sounds . awful and completely inappropriate for 'business ' as the name suggests . i shall look forward to deleting this app and avoiding this developer from now on .
loved this app until ads started covering the entire screen . uninstalled immediately .
i 've used this app for years and have loved it up until now . now i get full page ads that sit there for 5 seconds and disrupt what i 'm doing . i do n't mind a full page ad that i can back out of or scrolling ads at the bottom , but to force me to watch a 5 second ad is not reasonable . seems like they 're forcing you to pay up or move on to another app . if this continues i 'll find another app .
used to be good but started showing full screen ads even when the app is not open . currently unusable .
i used to like , even love this app . it was great . now though , every time i add an event on my calendar an ad comes up and stays there until it is finished . it 's awful ! so far the ads have not been inappropriate , just annoying . i do n't think that going to the pro version would fix this . i do n't even know how to find the pro version to purchase as it does n't show up in the play store . super frustrating . i do n't want to find another app . i just want this one to work without the silly ads .
used the free version for years , no issues , did n't need the pro features . then they started putting in ads - not the kind that pop up along the bottom but ones that completely hijack the screen while you 're trying to work . worst bait-and-switch i 've ever seen .
simpel in het gebruik . mooie lay-out . snel . handige opties voor het opnieuw gebruiken van ingevoerde gegevens . werkt perfect samen met google calender , contacts en taken .
used to be good . now massive full screen adds with sound . first time they ran without warning , very embarrassing . will give it a week to revise , then will uninstall . adds are ok , but the full screen nature with sound is n't .
full screen ads ? in a calendar app ? are you serious ?
the ads now pop-up full screen . that is very , very , very , very annoying . what if i 'm on an important call making an appointment and then you pop-up this irrelevant ad right in my face . unprofessional .
after updating .. ads took over the screen .. disappointed .. i 'll look into other calendar apps as alternative .
it used to be the best calendar for many years , till now , when annoying advertisements are popping up all the time . so sad , but it 's totally intolerable , need to uninstall and find another app
video ads
i do n't mind ads , but not those which run in full screen mode and can not be closed by me .
used this calendar for years without any issue . now ads will take over the entire screen after entering an appointment in the calendar and there is a delay before you can cancel them out . terrible and disappointing choice on the part of the developers . they 've lost me as a user as i refuse to pay for a pro version for a simple calendar app . do yourself a favor and stay away . the ads suck and are annoying .
now down to 1 star for the unappreciated bilingual holiday settings for bc canada . absolutely no need for this . the phone and app setting where the language is set to `` english '' should override any other situation . i did n't get a satisfactory answer from the dev . i 'll keep deducting stars as long as the app does n't improve . update feb 2018 : 1 star for the completely uncaring attitude re : `` french '' in the holidays that i have no way to get rid of ! my 1 star wo n't change until you do . no change .
used this app for months with no issues but after most recent update it plays an ad every time i add a new event to my calender , awful
would you please add day and night mode for widgets that would sync with system 's day and night status ? thank you
does n't popup reminder anymore with android 10 update . & revert by support claiming its purely android 10 issue is n't true ... there are apps which continue to have pop-ups ( shared with developer , who refuses to acknowledge this & only give defense of android issue )
great app but why do you need 13 ad trackers in this paid for pro app ? exodus privacy list 13 trackers against your app which is rediculous . using this every day , but now concerned my every move is being tracked 13 times . edit : you inform , so that makes it okay then , for you . perhaps other more privacy focussed users should look elsewhere . how do i confirm the trackers are not used ? trust you , i bet .... 13 are for revenue , 1 will suffice for personalising .
ca n't set up reminder
does n't even have a basic dark mode without pro
cant put in anything in app
the link provided is the same robot answer i received by email . i still can not download the the pro version i bought as it was removed from the market . if you remove it from the market then obvisouly no one can download it . and if it is not removed . provide the download link . else do not tell your customers that it is a perpetual license . did you ever hear about short links ? ?
i wish clicking the widget ( week view ) just simply opened the app itself , instead of the day view/agenda . and it keeps lagging and freezing intermittently , almost ca n't use the app anymore due to this . ( huawei p30 pro ) i have disabled battery management but app still freezes for 5+ seconds every time i delete an event ( and for many other actions as well )
i have used this awesome app for 3 years at least . sleek , convenient , powerful . but the recent updates just bring more and very intrusive ads . if that is not reverted soon , i will have to change app . pissed by how awesome app become awful because someone wants to make money out of other 's great job . and thanks for your copy pasted answer : folded_hands :
update : i know it 's a one time fee as stated , that i had already paid . same acct now i do n't have pro . i 've had it for a while now and had purchased the pro version right away . my reason for giving 2 star now is all of a sudden it tells me i do t have the pro feature anymore that is supposed to be a 1 time payment . : angry_face : also , if there was a desktop version that would be majorly useful ! disappointed that i would have to pay for pro again if i wanted to continue those features .
it was good until they introduced long adverts every time you add an entry .... how to annoy your users ! i wo n't be forced to pay ... i have given good feedback in the past and good feedback encourages others to pay now you have decided to make the free version really annoying to use you are creating bad feedback ! good luck
it does n't allow the ability to automatically set reminders when creating a new event . i use both the google calendar app and business cal pro and they both allow the ability to automatically set reminders . and yes i have this setting enabled in my google calendar web settings . this is an important feature that 's missing !
loved this app for years . the new full screen ads with no skip option is ridiculous and will likely drive me away . i understand the need for ads but this is too far and i have no need for any of the pro features so i will not pay for it when i can use a different app for free that does n't block my productivity . i used to recommend this app to anyone who asked but now i wo n't .
i have to agree that the full-screen time-draining ads are not viable for a business calendar , regardless of the reasoning behind it . by all means , keep the small rolling ads along the bottom of the screen or alternatively charge a more reasonable fee to go pro . £6 is not an option when there are so many other options out there , such as acal ( which i used to use before bc and am now reverting to ) ... i 'll keep an eye on business calendar though because , if you change the ad situation or make the pro price more reasonable , i 'll certainly be back !
this app worked well for a year . had ads , but i was fine with that . the latest update made the ads much bigger , appearing in the task sidebar instead of banners at the top and bottom . i was annoyed but tolerated it . then today i got a full screen video add that i could n't close until it was through . that 's too much . deleted . reply to reply : i know i can pay to get them removed but i do n't want to support a company that pushes an update with full screen video ads you ca n't close .
meh i left the `` meh '' on 2/2019 . today is 3/2020 . while the calendar is ok , the `` themes '' never change and , really , are not anything of interest . they really need to be completely changed . also , color coding helps me keep track of a lot of things i have going on ... the measley 7 or 8 colors they have are too few & what ? ! no pink ? ? ( a nice hot pink so it will stand out ) . i mean , idk , i 'm still just meh ... : confused_face :
i 've loved using this calendar for years . my favorite feature is the bar view in the month calendar . i have n't found any other calendar app that does it this well . but recently they ruined the free version by showing full-screen pop-up ads that play for up to 15 seconds before you can get back to your work . i may have paid for the full version before they did this , but not now . if they 're going to force uses to pay up $ 7 to remove such intrusive ads , i 'll just move on to another app .
the interface is incredible ! it 's the perfect organizational app i 've always been looking for . this is all overshadowed for me however by the fact that it is automatically attached to your email with no way to remove it . i would use this app daily if it would just exist in it 's own bubble without needing to grab onto 3+ emails . minor complaint but it really turned me off from the app , and if i had known this i would not have used it in the first place .
if.the change log does n't change , why would there be another pushed update which causes the date of latest update available to change . i do n't understand why you.wouldnt want to distinguish that part of the update is new and part is older as you.say . for instance 'ui improvements ' and 'add another widget option ' .. instead of having description basically unchanged .
was and is a great app . used it for years , but now the fullscreen ads are an immediate turnoff . small ads down the bottom were fine , but forcing me to sit through a full screen ad till the timer runs out is a huge no for me . uninstalling cos there are plenty of other free calendar apps around that do n't force you to wait through adverts .
would 've been 5 stars but the new full size ads make efficiency impossible . those kind of ads are fine when you 're playing other games , but stopping what i 'm doing in a completely un related app is unacceptable . i understand the banner ads to keep it running , but the full page delayed ads pushed it too far .
what i love is that i can make multiple calendars with the same account . what are some major problems ? 1. my events are not inviting or showing up on the calendars of the people who i include in the event . sending a text message link does n't work either . 2. i have had events disappear from my calendar without explanation . never had this issue with any other calendar and being a person with a very busy schedule and multiple schedules to adhere to ... this is detrimental . p.s . i paid for premium
used this app for years but the recent addition of full screen ads is too annoying . small banner ads or something similar would be much more appropriate for a calendar app . why would i want to look at an ad for half a minute when it should only take 5 seconds to add an appointment ?
have been using this app for years and have loved it . however , a recent update that includes full screen ads alsolutely kills it . i do appreciate that the developer has kept the app clean and free for the last few years . but with full screen ads , no , sorry .
been using for years . just about to delete due to the full screen lengthy ads that not only appear when i add an event , they pop up when i 'm using other apps . did a scan using an ad detector app and business calender is the culprit . shame as pervious ad style was ok , this is ridiculous though .
lately the ads have doubled in frequency , have become full screen , noisy and more difficult to close , while the overall usability have decreased . quite shame . and before telling the `` it 's free '' slogan , think that annoyed people will delete , not buy .
i used to really love this app as it provides a todo list widget that can show a lot of todo list items compacted into a very small space . however it has started showing full screen ads when adding new items so i 'm going to be looking for a replacement .
i have had this for years and even have the pro version . today the application is staying i do not have pro , when i go to on app purchase it even detects purchased but will not give access to pro features .
a few months ago it started to fail to sync with my employer exchange server . i used to make it work manually , but now it does n't work even if i `` sync now '' .
the free version was great until now , but since they added advertisements to it ( e. g. forced to watch an ad after creating an appointment ) i can not recommend it anymore , it is absolutely annoying , the google calendar is the better alternative now .
there are full-size ads that block your entire screen . incredibly disruptive and i do n't want to reward that by buying pro . there are other calendar apps out there that do n't deliberately disrupt your productivity .
since recent update adverts make the free version absolutely unusable ! i understand some adds have to be in the free version , but full screen adds are very disruptive in a calendar app when one needs to work quick : / .. otherwise the functionality it great
the font size is realy small and you ca n't change it without paying for the full version . large font is a basic accessibility feature , it should n't cost extra .
really disappointed with the full screen adverts now taking over this otherwise great app . will be uninstalling and choosing another alternative app ( there are plenty ) big mistake by the developer !
i loved this app until the latest update . full screen ads that you ca n't cancel are just too annoying . i 'm outa here ..
app works good . but with the latest update , 25 seconds of ad .. for adding an appointment . not recommended after the update .
1 ) create 80 000 events to several exchange calendars 2 ) sync it with bc 2 mobile app 3 ) and you will see how `` perfect '' bc2 works all the time - anr ! ! thank you .
loved it untill recently when it started playing adds eveytime i put in an appointment . now ill have to get a new calender app after years of using it and loving it . too bad .
used to be good , but recently it shows full screen ads which can not be turned off
after an update started showing really annoying full-screen ads . been using it for quite some time . will uninstall
recent update causes the widget to crash every time i go to my homescreen ( on a pretty common samsung tablet ) .
you ca n't set a location by name , only address . yes i tried setting my location manually , like that would be at all useful . do you even understand what i 'm saying ? i cant type in la fitness and get an address . it will just send me to whichever is closest . setting my location would n't help , it would just send me to the closest one to my manual instead of one that may be further ... worthless .
no longer the calendar i use since the intro of annoying ads and video ads ... uninstalled
multiclick spam to `` encourage '' upgrading to pro version .
please remove the annoying and intrusive ads ! !
overall it 's a great app that i use every day but what i truly hate is i paid for the full version and since i have 3 google accounts in my phone no matter what instructions i 'm given by the developer it does n't recognize i bought it because it defaults to the wrong account . if they fix and let me select correct amount i 'll bump my rating back up . should have an option . sad
does n't show a content of reminder on locked screen even if its correctly set in the settings . fix it and i 'll change my rate . btw , google calendar knows how to wake up a locked screen and show notifications
i hated the pop up ads .
it started strong then the ads were a bit much but it 's free and i was thinking about buying it . then… events that are clearly on my google calendar stopped showing . suddenly . yes they ’ re still on google and show on that app . i do n't like that app but i might be stuck with it . i 'm sorry this did n't last but i am glad the problem developed before i bought it .
i 'm changing my rating from 5 to 2. i 've used this app for many years and i love it . it 's a great app ! but they have recently added add on videos ( skippable but still 5 seconds long .. ) after you 've created or closed an event in your calendar app . it 's really annoying and disgusting because you do n't have time watching adds when you want to add a couple of events everyday in you schedule ... you 've went to far business calendar 2 ...
i used to love this app but they made the ads much more intrusive , taking over the full screen with countdown timers any time you do anything . i guess i 'll go back the regular google calendar app . reply to developer : that 'd be great if you remove the terrible ads . for now i 'm uninstalling and checking out other calendar apps .
its the best callendar ive used . but letely its been freezing a lot , and its annoying because i use it a lot . pls fix the freezing . edit . 6months have passed and this is still freezing . why ? i use my calendar a lot , so i cant keep using this .
since 2018 the app does not register some of the calander input . apparrently due to poor internet connection . now sitting next to the wifi router and entering all my appointments for january , needless to say none were regesterred ! ! !
this is by far the best out there but it is not reliable because if i get a new phone for whatever reason the data will not transfer to new phone ( data will be lost or i will not have time to set the settings and input previous data in new phone ) and that is only reason i cant trust this app . i am very upset that one flaw kills a very good app . anyone that uses a calender heavily knows the trouble of my example . again , by far it is a very very good calendar app .
actually it is a good calendar app , but on android 10 google calendars can not be synched without the google calendar app installed on your device . you have to sync your calendar by another calendar app , or all your bc2 events will stay on your local device only . so this means , that another calendar app is required to use this calendar app , which makes this app useless at the moment . i am waiting for a fix .
does n't sync properly anymore . have been using the free version of this calendar app with my google calendar for years without problems . but for the last half year or so , the appointments do n't sync , the invites do n't get sent . it has become unusable and unreliable . i have had to switch to the google calendar app now .
loved this app , but recently noticed i really was't hearing the audio from notifications and for some unknown reason , although the notification volume for the pro version sounds loud at 100 % system volume for notifications , this version ( bc2 ) sounds half as loud , if that , to the point it 's unusable because i rarely hear them . update : just realized that for some odd reason bc2 calendar notification volume is mapped/linked to ringtone volume and i had that lower than half volume . please fix this .
buggy as hell . keeps duplicating events when i edit them leaving me with the old version and the new side by side . i keep deleting the old one and it keeps coming back . i 'm irritated and i 'm going to look elsewhere now . i loved the original business calendar but after giving it more then a fair chance this version is a no go .
great app , but it just syncs to my google calendar making it redundant . i wanted to use this for nonpersonal task and keep it separated . while using the app i get 40 notifications because it updates my personal calendar as well . i gave 2 stars because otherwise the functionality and ui is really nice .
does not sync . if i enter an item in the agenda . it does not sync with the widget . sometimes it takes a whole day before it is visable in the widget . in the widget only 2 items are visable . the rest keep saying `` loading '' for days now . even if i manually sync .
the app is not working well since the latest update ( 2.37.0 ) : the app crashes a lot when creating or editing tasks , the reminder for tasks and meeting are not working ( notifications are enabled ) , so that makes the app useless . reinstalling the app does n't solve anything .
why do notes dissapear ? i pun something today and tomorrow it does n't show up at all ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! to answer:1 ) yes 2 ) local 3 ) i go in the app-month view-click on day box-write details+hour/all day.save.then it shows up in the app and widget for a few hours and then it 's gone .4 ) i have a stable internet connection . what should i do ?
there 's no option to remove time rows in the widget , only an option to remove the time bar which is kinda pointless . was hoping for a simple layout for the widget to display only days ( 7 days ) without all those crowded rows of time displayed . would otherwise give it a 5 star .
this an amazing calender , my only problem was i was looking for a calendar for solely for my business , because this app you must sync your calendar it becomes useless because now you have your personal calendar mix with business . useless for that purpose i can just use my google calendar .
i used to love this app . it worked flawlessly for me and it was my go-to calendar app . however , recently i am having trouble where it does not sync anything other than my single outlook calendar , with my other calendars being visible from my phone , but not having the events also populate on my laptop . this is a huge problem for me and definitely a deal breaker . if this ca n't be resolved i 'll have to start looking elsewhere for a calendar . it still is a nice calendar app , but if you want seemless integration between your phone and your laptop , look elsewhere .
checked out this app in my quest to find a good solution for combining calendar events and tasks into a single , scrollable homescreen widget . -- - unfortunately , although the app has the option to repeat a task `` from the completion date , '' the functionality is broken . for example , i scheduled my test task on a tuesday and set it to repeat every week from the completion date . the app forced there to be a day of the week listed in the repeat schedule , so that it would say something like `` repeat weekly on thursday on completion date . '' -- - now , having a day of the week and also `` from completion date '' makes no sense , so i was curious what the app would do . i set my tuesday task to repeat every thursday from completion date and checked it off on a sunday . the app should have rescheduled the task for the following sunday , but it did n't . it scheduled it for the following tuesday and completely ignored the `` thursday '' and the `` from completion date . '' -- - sorry , business calendar 2 , but that 's just not going to work .
i used to love this but now i need to pay an insane amount or have both the pro and free versions both on my phone . `` if you already have purchased the old business calendar pro , you just have to keep it installed on your device to activate all the pro features of business calendar 2. unfortunately we have no possibility to automatically check , if you are a pro user of bc 1. we can only check , if the old bc pro app currently is installed on your device. ``
first i liked the free version but after a while it got annoying with all the advertisements
it was good but i guess google is sabotaging it , so i lost a couple of notifications . removed it and started using google calendar and notifications are now ok. sorry . i have uninstalled the program since i missed an important appointment i can no longer trust it . probably the solution you provide works , but i think it you should force the user to check those settings on start so one does n't miss appointments .
after the last update i had to clear the cache & data , clear the cache partition , then lose all my events to stop the double notifications/reminders . this has been a great app for many years and this is the first time i 've had trouble with it . it was a pain to go through all that to fix it but that 's how much i like this app . i have a galaxy s9+ with latest io update . update : no matter how i set my reminders , the maximum # i could get it to alert was two . i gave up & went back to bc pro . ugh !
having problems . the app is not syncing anymore with my google calendar . i double-checked the settings gs and permissions and tried to force a sync , still no good . it is set to auto sync every 3 hours .
i thought bc2 was going to be very good for my multiple personal projects . it looked well developed , and at first its help looked good . but i had to abandon it because its help turned out to be useless -- it never mentioned any issue i needed answered as a learner of the program . thus i just could not learn the program . the help may be better for other people .
very nice app with a bad drawback : today 's repetition for a recurring task will not appear unless i mark yesterday 's task as done ! here 's how this is very bad for me : - i have many recurring daily tasks , and it 's a very tedious job to mark all my recurring tasks as done , even those that were not done ! it gets much worse if i do n't use the app for a few days ! then i have to mark all recurring tasks as done for every and each previous day ! ! ! ! - the app forces me to record false information ! a task that was not done on a specific day , should stay there as not done , and the recurring task should be generated for the following day . - you have only 3 options for a recurring task : 1 ) to mark it as done in order for it to appear on the following day . 2 ) not to mark it as done , and it will never `` recur '' ! 3 ) to delete , and it disappears , and naturally , it will never `` recur '' ! a recurring task should recur , regardless of marking or not marking the previous repetition as done !
main issues to solve : 1 ) in the icon app there is n't the indication of current day . would be very useful to have it instead of the standard bc violet icon 2 ) there is n't the possibility to set two different time zone in the fields `` from '' and `` to '' in the same event . it would be very useful to set fights event with different time zone . 3 ) the location link should be synchronised with google maps results , not with the contacts , in order to have the right response for the addresses . please update
would have been nice to explore more features without having to go pro right out of the gate . i 'm not down to pay for something that supposedly works without trying it for myself . could have easily enabled more options that entices the user other than the bare bones vs. i 'll stick with google for the time being
the app does n't sync after making changes on my google calendar , even after hitting the sync now on the app
it was good until the recent updates . i installed this app because of its widget . however , the recent update destroyed everything that i have customised . there are a lot of setting to make the widget looks good but the update limited the setttings . i event went all out in purchasing the app thinking it could be like it used to be , maybe i can change it back with unlimited setting , but it 's not as good as before . im disappointed
gtasks sync doens´t work . calendar sync is ok
this app just `` disappeared '' two of the recent events i listed in , both weddings . luckily i thought of rechecking a day after inputting them . this has happened a couple of times already . too unreliable for work appointments , i might get fired when i rely on this app 's widget for work appointments . close to uninstalling , after i check out a good replacement
wonderful app with nice visual hierarchy , but now ads take over the entire screen
use to love this app as i 've had it for well over a year . just recently it magically deleted all my appointments with no way of getting them back . tried everything from resetting to reinstalling no resolution . i paid for the app so was a little disappointed that i have to look for another app and reenter all my appointments ( 20+ a day )
using google pixel 2 and paid for full version ... sometimes the day on the calendar does n't update . i dont want to have to restart my phone everday . a workaround would be to press the refresh button on the calendar , but i dont like having to do that every day .
original review : frequent intrusive pop-under links open a web browser where they subject customers to crazy ads 12-12-18 response to dev 's : the pop-under ads happen as a result of selecting a response to an app message related to the action taken within the app . i am not actively selecting an ad . i am not passively selecting an ad . i am not accidentally selecting an ad . this is either a bug or an intentionally developed annoyance .
a glorified `` stock calendar '' , as tech support calls it ( the native calendar app ) . forget it if you have an outlook calendar ; notwithstanding what appears on the app , only exchange is supported . seems they spent more time on bells and whistles than the underlying architecture of the app
do n't like it much event , task , favorites at the bottom confusion . entering data is tedious too selected hide for completed task it may have deleted them . need simple customization features and i hate the computer time task settings which it uses . pros easy to read overview . thx . mbf
great for neat month view . unfortunately it has started notifying event reminders after the event ? not good .
would be great but almost everything you need to customize it when you first install it is pro only . you ca n't customize font settings - it 's pro . you ca n't import old calendars - it 's pro . how am i supposed to start using your app then ?
acalendar > business calendar > tiny calendar > tick tick pro acalendar 's design , featurr and logic is from 2004 business calendar is better but still stupid and feels like from 2010 tiny calendar really improves from the 2 above . nice modern design and good drag/drop feature but still suffers the same wrong logic and bad design as business calendar . tick tick is the modern calendar that wins because its designed with modern logic designed with proper modern features . less touchpoints and jus
better than google calendar but has bugs/for example it keeps restoring deleted events after i delete them/i cleared cache memo and restarted phone/useless/still the same banana . update/yes i did remove gmail account but no use/it seems a bug between localhost and oppo accounts as it shows both colors for the same birthday/btw i tested removing oppo account or localhost then i get a bug free part of the calendar but it bugs again after that part . update/yes 2 entries but for a certain period .
first time opening good experience . everything from google calendar was synced , then stacked up my events for the day . opened the app a few hours later and absolutely everything was blank . and you have to pay $ 7 to be able to drag and drop your events .
every entry gets copied so i end up with 2 of everything , one in the color i designate and the other in the standard color . if i delete 1 i loose both . i used this calendar for years for my business and loved it but the latest update killed it .
great features and easy to use but have uninstalled it as i get constant messages that it is using intensive amount of battery in the background .... which it is was . battery life much improved with it gone . such a shame .
office 365 integration does n't work , so it 's basically useless as a business calendar . as a private calendar i do n't see any big improvement over google calendar , but it 's not worse either .
great app with one major flaw . when entering addresses and selecting from the drop down options , the house # disappears and leaves only the street , city , and state without the actual house or business number . this is a huge problem for me .
good - the only thing it has that is n't on my samsung cal is agenda view . crappy- my scal has dark mode . buscal - you can basically f off if you 're vision impaired . font size & dark mode are paid only . not fun to test drive in the bright white light . uninstall ...
all the professional options i need . alerts as alarms is really helpful for people who get desensitized from too many notifications . update alerts as alarms suddenly stopped working ! i am missing appointments !
it used to be a great app , but since you took away ability to change/delete a single event in a series of the recurring events - it 's not good for me any more : disappointed_face :
i liked this app but stop deleting events i add on . i ca n't keep re-adding events every hour . i 'm getting frustrated and will have to uninstall unless it 's corrected .
calendar setting are changing from one day to another , has to reset them everyday . plus widget settings is separated from the app setting which is somehow cumbersome .
everytime i snooze an event it disappears ..... this calendar is useless . maybe i did not explain properly .... it does not dissapear as in not in my calendar as an event .... when i have set a `` reminder '' alarm at i get a notification pop up , i snooze it for 30min i do not get another reminder in 30 min .
the only thing i ca n't stand is every time i get a notification , i get two notifications for the same event . i sure it 's a setting but i ca n't find it .
permissions ; it 's all or it 's none ( wo n't operate ) . attachments ; ca n't do it unless you go into a desktop pc browser on google calendar
does n't show a files attached to the event using google calendar .
i loved this until recently . many entries disappear ! panic attack ! i ca n't count on it anymore . what gives ?
not a power user with a massive calender of events , so i do n't need the full blown pro version , but there are a lot of basic features under pro only . no thanks
like the look but it messes up straight away . instead of saving an entry the app cashed and deleted it instead . do n't get ! !
get multiple entries of same appointment ! problem is with outlook and exchange 360 occurs with other calendars too .
such a cool app with deal breaking bug . this calendar app could be perfect for me but notifications simply refuse to work .
it does n't allow the ability to automatically set reminders when creating a new event . i use both the google calendar app and business cal pro and they both allow the ability to automatically set reminders . and yes i have this setting enabled in my google calendar web settings . this is an important feature that 's missing !
i 'm changing my rating from 5 to 2. i 've used this app for many years and i love it . it 's a great app ! but they have recently added add on videos ( skippable but still 5 seconds long .. ) after you 've created or closed an event in your calendar app . it 's really annoying and disgusting because you do n't have time watching adds when you want to add a couple of events everyday in you schedule ... you 've went to far business calendar 2 ...
it was good until they introduced long adverts every time you add an entry .... how to annoy your users ! i wo n't be forced to pay ... i have given good feedback in the past and good feedback encourages others to pay now you have decided to make the free version really annoying to use you are creating bad feedback ! good luck
pls give us dark theme cost-free so my eyes wo n't die using this app
i have had this for years and even have the pro version . today the application is staying i do not have pro , when i go to on app purchase it even detects purchased but will not give access to pro features .
a few months ago it started to fail to sync with my employer exchange server . i used to make it work manually , but now it does n't work even if i `` sync now '' .
meh i left the `` meh '' on 2/2019 . today is 3/2020 . while the calendar is ok , the `` themes '' never change and , really , are not anything of interest . they really need to be completely changed . also , color coding helps me keep track of a lot of things i have going on ... the measley 7 or 8 colors they have are too few & what ? ! no pink ? ? ( a nice hot pink so it will stand out ) . i mean , idk , i 'm still just meh ... : confused_face :
it started strong then the ads were a bit much but it 's free and i was thinking about buying it . then… events that are clearly on my google calendar stopped showing . suddenly . yes they ’ re still on google and show on that app . i do n't like that app but i might be stuck with it . i 'm sorry this did n't last but i am glad the problem developed before i bought it .
the app does n't sync after making changes on my google calendar , even after hitting the sync now on the app
update : i know it 's a one time fee as stated , that i had already paid . same acct now i do n't have pro . i 've had it for a while now and had purchased the pro version right away . my reason for giving 2 star now is all of a sudden it tells me i do t have the pro feature anymore that is supposed to be a 1 time payment . : angry_face : also , if there was a desktop version that would be majorly useful ! disappointed that i would have to pay for pro again if i wanted to continue those features .
i have used this awesome app for 3 years at least . sleek , convenient , powerful . but the recent updates just bring more and very intrusive ads . if that is not reverted soon , i will have to change app . pissed by how awesome app become awful because someone wants to make money out of other 's great job . and thanks for your copy pasted answer : folded_hands :
been using for years . just about to delete due to the full screen lengthy ads that not only appear when i add an event , they pop up when i 'm using other apps . did a scan using an ad detector app and business calender is the culprit . shame as pervious ad style was ok , this is ridiculous though .
have been using this app for years and have loved it . however , a recent update that includes full screen ads alsolutely kills it . i do appreciate that the developer has kept the app clean and free for the last few years . but with full screen ads , no , sorry .
was and is a great app . used it for years , but now the fullscreen ads are an immediate turnoff . small ads down the bottom were fine , but forcing me to sit through a full screen ad till the timer runs out is a huge no for me . uninstalling cos there are plenty of other free calendar apps around that do n't force you to wait through adverts .
55 o
first i liked the free version but after a while it got annoying with all the advertisements
its the best callendar ive used . but letely its been freezing a lot , and its annoying because i use it a lot . pls fix the freezing . edit . 6months have passed and this is still freezing . why ? i use my calendar a lot , so i cant keep using this .
nice widget , and i do n't mind a few ads , but persistent ads are annoying . when i get annoyed , i tend to rather go somewhere else , than becoming a paying customer .
used this app for years but the recent addition of full screen ads is too annoying . small banner ads or something similar would be much more appropriate for a calendar app . why would i want to look at an ad for half a minute when it should only take 5 seconds to add an appointment ?
multiclick spam to `` encourage '' upgrading to pro version .
how do i go pro does this app only work with facebook i dont have face book .
please remove the annoying and intrusive ads ! !
the free version was great until now , but since they added advertisements to it ( e. g. forced to watch an ad after creating an appointment ) i can not recommend it anymore , it is absolutely annoying , the google calendar is the better alternative now .
what i love is that i can make multiple calendars with the same account . what are some major problems ? 1. my events are not inviting or showing up on the calendars of the people who i include in the event . sending a text message link does n't work either . 2. i have had events disappear from my calendar without explanation . never had this issue with any other calendar and being a person with a very busy schedule and multiple schedules to adhere to ... this is detrimental . p.s . i paid for premium
really disappointed with the full screen adverts now taking over this otherwise great app . will be uninstalling and choosing another alternative app ( there are plenty ) big mistake by the developer !
after an update started showing really annoying full-screen ads . been using it for quite some time . will uninstall
used to be good , but recently it shows full screen ads which can not be turned off
best free calendar app i 've used , syncs with google and outlook calendars ...... .... edited from 5 to 2 stars ... the video ads are too painful . i 've already read the default reply to the other reviews complaining about this . i know the fee is low and one time ... i promised myself i 'd get the paid versions of all the free software i use once i 'm not on student income . but i 'm not rewarding this painful ad practice by going paid . i will pay for a different calendar .
since recent update adverts make the free version absolutely unusable ! i understand some adds have to be in the free version , but full screen adds are very disruptive in a calendar app when one needs to work quick : / .. otherwise the functionality it great
1 ) create 80 000 events to several exchange calendars 2 ) sync it with bc 2 mobile app 3 ) and you will see how `` perfect '' bc2 works all the time - anr ! ! thank you .
no longer the calendar i use since the intro of annoying ads and video ads ... uninstalled
recent update causes the widget to crash every time i go to my homescreen ( on a pretty common samsung tablet ) .
i used to love this app but they made the ads much more intrusive , taking over the full screen with countdown timers any time you do anything . i guess i 'll go back the regular google calendar app . reply to developer : that 'd be great if you remove the terrible ads . for now i 'm uninstalling and checking out other calendar apps .
if.the change log does n't change , why would there be another pushed update which causes the date of latest update available to change . i do n't understand why you.wouldnt want to distinguish that part of the update is new and part is older as you.say . for instance 'ui improvements ' and 'add another widget option ' .. instead of having description basically unchanged .
you ca n't set a location by name , only address . yes i tried setting my location manually , like that would be at all useful . do you even understand what i 'm saying ? i cant type in la fitness and get an address . it will just send me to whichever is closest . setting my location would n't help , it would just send me to the closest one to my manual instead of one that may be further ... worthless .
wonderful app with nice visual hierarchy , but now ads take over the entire screen
i have to agree that the full-screen time-draining ads are not viable for a business calendar , regardless of the reasoning behind it . by all means , keep the small rolling ads along the bottom of the screen or alternatively charge a more reasonable fee to go pro . £6 is not an option when there are so many other options out there , such as acal ( which i used to use before bc and am now reverting to ) ... i 'll keep an eye on business calendar though because , if you change the ad situation or make the pro price more reasonable , i 'll certainly be back !
would 've been 5 stars but the new full size ads make efficiency impossible . those kind of ads are fine when you 're playing other games , but stopping what i 'm doing in a completely un related app is unacceptable . i understand the banner ads to keep it running , but the full page delayed ads pushed it too far .
lately the ads have doubled in frequency , have become full screen , noisy and more difficult to close , while the overall usability have decreased . quite shame . and before telling the `` it 's free '' slogan , think that annoyed people will delete , not buy .
it works ! does what it 's supposed to do , although i do n't require any features other than setting an appointment/event , and being reminded of it . unobtrusive , even when using it as a free version only . i 'll probably upgrade to pro just to reward the developer . edit : the new 30 second ads really screw this up .
i 've loved using this calendar for years . my favorite feature is the bar view in the month calendar . i have n't found any other calendar app that does it this well . but recently they ruined the free version by showing full-screen pop-up ads that play for up to 15 seconds before you can get back to your work . i may have paid for the full version before they did this , but not now . if they 're going to force uses to pay up $ 7 to remove such intrusive ads , i 'll just move on to another app .
loved it untill recently when it started playing adds eveytime i put in an appointment . now ill have to get a new calender app after years of using it and loving it . too bad .
loved this app for years . the new full screen ads with no skip option is ridiculous and will likely drive me away . i understand the need for ads but this is too far and i have no need for any of the pro features so i will not pay for it when i can use a different app for free that does n't block my productivity . i used to recommend this app to anyone who asked but now i wo n't .
i hated the pop up ads .
app works good . but with the latest update , 25 seconds of ad .. for adding an appointment . not recommended after the update .
i used to really love this app as it provides a todo list widget that can show a lot of todo list items compacted into a very small space . however it has started showing full screen ads when adding new items so i 'm going to be looking for a replacement .
there are full-size ads that block your entire screen . incredibly disruptive and i do n't want to reward that by buying pro . there are other calendar apps out there that do n't deliberately disrupt your productivity .
i loved this app until the latest update . full screen ads that you ca n't cancel are just too annoying . i 'm outa here ..
the font size is realy small and you ca n't change it without paying for the full version . large font is a basic accessibility feature , it should n't cost extra .
this app worked well for a year . had ads , but i was fine with that . the latest update made the ads much bigger , appearing in the task sidebar instead of banners at the top and bottom . i was annoyed but tolerated it . then today i got a full screen video add that i could n't close until it was through . that 's too much . deleted . reply to reply : i know i can pay to get them removed but i do n't want to support a company that pushes an update with full screen video ads you ca n't close .
the interface is incredible ! it 's the perfect organizational app i 've always been looking for . this is all overshadowed for me however by the fact that it is automatically attached to your email with no way to remove it . i would use this app daily if it would just exist in it 's own bubble without needing to grab onto 3+ emails . minor complaint but it really turned me off from the app , and if i had known this i would not have used it in the first place .
since 2018 the app does not register some of the calander input . apparrently due to poor internet connection . now sitting next to the wifi router and entering all my appointments for january , needless to say none were regesterred ! ! !
i bought the previous version and ca n't use this one full version if not bought too which i think is not ok well , why would i have to kip old application ? i understand but i do n't like the idea to have duplicated apps . but i raised the reading to 2 starts cause of that !
i love how personalisable this app is and the widget is fantastic . the weather app does n't always work and my tablet and phone wo n't sync tasks even when i ask it to manually . : thumbs_down :
overall it 's a great app that i use every day but what i truly hate is i paid for the full version and since i have 3 google accounts in my phone no matter what instructions i 'm given by the developer it does n't recognize i bought it because it defaults to the wrong account . if they fix and let me select correct amount i 'll bump my rating back up . should have an option . sad
the app is not working well since the latest update ( 2.37.0 ) : the app crashes a lot when creating or editing tasks , the reminder for tasks and meeting are not working ( notifications are enabled ) , so that makes the app useless . reinstalling the app does n't solve anything .
does n't show a content of reminder on locked screen even if its correctly set in the settings . fix it and i 'll change my rate . btw , google calendar knows how to wake up a locked screen and show notifications
gtasks sync doens´t work . calendar sync is ok
this is by far the best out there but it is not reliable because if i get a new phone for whatever reason the data will not transfer to new phone ( data will be lost or i will not have time to set the settings and input previous data in new phone ) and that is only reason i cant trust this app . i am very upset that one flaw kills a very good app . anyone that uses a calender heavily knows the trouble of my example . again , by far it is a very very good calendar app .
this an amazing calender , my only problem was i was looking for a calendar for solely for my business , because this app you must sync your calendar it becomes useless because now you have your personal calendar mix with business . useless for that purpose i can just use my google calendar .
doubles and triples all my appointments in my calendar making it hard to manage .
buggy as hell . keeps duplicating events when i edit them leaving me with the old version and the new side by side . i keep deleting the old one and it keeps coming back . i 'm irritated and i 'm going to look elsewhere now . i loved the original business calendar but after giving it more then a fair chance this version is a no go .
actually it is a good calendar app , but on android 10 google calendars can not be synched without the google calendar app installed on your device . you have to sync your calendar by another calendar app , or all your bc2 events will stay on your local device only . so this means , that another calendar app is required to use this calendar app , which makes this app useless at the moment . i am waiting for a fix .
why do notes dissapear ? i pun something today and tomorrow it does n't show up at all ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! to answer:1 ) yes 2 ) local 3 ) i go in the app-month view-click on day box-write details+hour/all day.save.then it shows up in the app and widget for a few hours and then it 's gone .4 ) i have a stable internet connection . what should i do ?
does n't show a files attached to the event using google calendar .
for the samsung note 9 newest os update . customer service finally figured out the problem . and it worked for about a month . then samsung sent out a new os & the reminders are firing even more randomly than before . just emailed tech support again . i have to say , i do love the app & tech support is good , but response time is slow . but unless developers can find away to keep it working no matter what update the phone developers come up with , i may have to find a more google friendly app .
does not sync . if i enter an item in the agenda . it does not sync with the widget . sometimes it takes a whole day before it is visable in the widget . in the widget only 2 items are visable . the rest keep saying `` loading '' for days now . even if i manually sync .
great for neat month view . unfortunately it has started notifying event reminders after the event ? not good .
having problems . the app is not syncing anymore with my google calendar . i double-checked the settings gs and permissions and tried to force a sync , still no good . it is set to auto sync every 3 hours .
great app , but it just syncs to my google calendar making it redundant . i wanted to use this for nonpersonal task and keep it separated . while using the app i get 40 notifications because it updates my personal calendar as well . i gave 2 stars because otherwise the functionality and ui is really nice .
probably none better , can do a thousand things , but developer forces you to always think birthdays . and , you ca n't disable tasks either . if i do n't want those functions then do n't force it !
does n't sync properly anymore . have been using the free version of this calendar app with my google calendar for years without problems . but for the last half year or so , the appointments do n't sync , the invites do n't get sent . it has become unusable and unreliable . i have had to switch to the google calendar app now .
loved this app , but recently noticed i really was't hearing the audio from notifications and for some unknown reason , although the notification volume for the pro version sounds loud at 100 % system volume for notifications , this version ( bc2 ) sounds half as loud , if that , to the point it 's unusable because i rarely hear them . update : just realized that for some odd reason bc2 calendar notification volume is mapped/linked to ringtone volume and i had that lower than half volume . please fix this .
there 's no option to remove time rows in the widget , only an option to remove the time bar which is kinda pointless . was hoping for a simple layout for the widget to display only days ( 7 days ) without all those crowded rows of time displayed . would otherwise give it a 5 star .
it needs me to pay again for the app once i 've updated this app . the drag and drop feature had just gone suddenly silently .
great app with one major flaw . when entering addresses and selecting from the drop down options , the house # disappears and leaves only the street , city , and state without the actual house or business number . this is a huge problem for me .
i have used this app for my business for a looong time and love it . however can someone explain to me why i 'm getting spam notifications from bc2 announcing my winning stuff like shoes and iphones ? at least once a week this happens and as i said i use it for my business and do n't really have time to forward these things to 10 of my friends via whatsap , which i do not use . if it 's you guys , stop it . if it 's some other hijinks then let me know how to fix it , please .
like the look but it messes up straight away . instead of saving an entry the app cashed and deleted it instead . do n't get ! !
good - the only thing it has that is n't on my samsung cal is agenda view . crappy- my scal has dark mode . buscal - you can basically f off if you 're vision impaired . font size & dark mode are paid only . not fun to test drive in the bright white light . uninstall ...
i loved this until recently . many entries disappear ! panic attack ! i ca n't count on it anymore . what gives ?
downloaded for the widgets . you got ta pay for the widgets before even seeing if they work .
acalendar > business calendar > tiny calendar > tick tick pro acalendar 's design , featurr and logic is from 2004 business calendar is better but still stupid and feels like from 2010 tiny calendar really improves from the 2 above . nice modern design and good drag/drop feature but still suffers the same wrong logic and bad design as business calendar . tick tick is the modern calendar that wins because its designed with modern logic designed with proper modern features . less touchpoints and jus
such a cool app with deal breaking bug . this calendar app could be perfect for me but notifications simply refuse to work .
everytime i snooze an event it disappears ..... this calendar is useless . maybe i did not explain properly .... it does not dissapear as in not in my calendar as an event .... when i have set a `` reminder '' alarm at i get a notification pop up , i snooze it for 30min i do not get another reminder in 30 min .
my data is now disappearing frequently or often is suddenly double or triple in my calendar
would be great but almost everything you need to customize it when you first install it is pro only . you ca n't customize font settings - it 's pro . you ca n't import old calendars - it 's pro . how am i supposed to start using your app then ?
get multiple entries of same appointment ! problem is with outlook and exchange 360 occurs with other calendars too .
using google pixel 2 and paid for full version ... sometimes the day on the calendar does n't update . i dont want to have to restart my phone everday . a workaround would be to press the refresh button on the calendar , but i dont like having to do that every day .
2 stars right now because all my appointments are gone before 2018 !
first time opening good experience . everything from google calendar was synced , then stacked up my events for the day . opened the app a few hours later and absolutely everything was blank . and you have to pay $ 7 to be able to drag and drop your events .
here 's a tip . if i disabled a calendar , i should n't see it 's tab at the bottom of my screen at all times . why do i need to see `` holidays '' for each account on my phone across the bottom . i 'll be uninstalling this .
use to love this app as i 've had it for well over a year . just recently it magically deleted all my appointments with no way of getting them back . tried everything from resetting to reinstalling no resolution . i paid for the app so was a little disappointed that i have to look for another app and reenter all my appointments ( 20+ a day )
فقط احتاج ان اضغط عليه لاري باقي النتيجة ثم يعود لما كان عليه مرة اخري
why is it so fiddly to get items to abutt next to each other ? i end up entering the time manually !
приложение выглядит нормально , но с эргономикой в настройках уведомлений проблема , ux дизайнер не работал . несколько раз пытался включить звук в уведомлении , т.к . напоминание срабатывало без звука , только с вибро . в итоге ничего не вышло . зачем-то три вкладки в general > notification sound , невнятный перечеркнутый динамик , позже стало понятно что это не статус звука , а сброс мелодии ( почему кстати не к default рингтону ? ) - не вышло.повтор напоминалки ( если пропустил напоминание ) не работает.удалил
this calendar would be a 5 star except for 1 major issue . the sync is unreliable . for example , items placed on my calendar via google or gmail within the previous 24-48 hours usually do not appear no matter what sync settings i have or how many times i manually initiate a manual sync . all other calendar apps i have tried do not have these sync issues .
not much use
the only thing i ca n't stand is every time i get a notification , i get two notifications for the same event . i sure it 's a setting but i ca n't find it .
not a power user with a massive calender of events , so i do n't need the full blown pro version , but there are a lot of basic features under pro only . no thanks
is a good calender , but a few singapore holiday was on the wrong date.ie hari raya puasa was on 5/6 but calendar show 4/6 . deepavali 27/10 was show wrongly on 26/10 ...
it would be higher rating but i ca n't delite some events i do n't need anymore .... for example : i still have reminder to pay a credit card which i do n't have anymore for 2 years ! ! ! ! ! if there is a way of deleting the same , please tell me , i 'll give it 4 stars . also too complicated ( time consuming ) setting exact time you want a reminder for an event ....
awesome until .... i was trying this app out to see if it was possible to finally break ties with my paper calendar . this app had some features that made it better than google calendars . that is , until you had to watch an ad to schedule an appointment . now when i save an appointment have to sit through a full page ad . i did n't get enough time in the app to figure out if it was worth it to pay for the full version but now the mandatory ads are a deal breaker .
app is easy to use , but there are 2 features i find annoying . when i add calendar items that i have entered multiple times before , i would like the event data to default to the same data usually used for this event - even when i 'm adding an event for the 50th time , i have to overlay the time , duration & reminder . the other is that my reminders do n't always remind me ( take today for example ) & i would like them to keep reminding me until i clear them , even if that takes all day .
works great , but when i start creating events and switch to a different app and go back to business calendar , they disappear . also , very limited , unsearchable collection of emojis . no statistics on events , too . would also love to see goal tracking . needs prioritizements of tasks . also , no option to find a time for an event .
recently the app has shown a bug in repeat appointments . i always have repeated 3-day-appointment for friday , saturday , and sunday . it starts in the evening of friday and ends next sat morning , saturday evening to next sunday morning , and sunday evening to next monday morning . after monday , the appointment repeats every 5 weeks . it used to work correctly until mid 2018. now , the sunday-evening-to-next-monday-morning appointment appears in the week before the correct week . please fix it . thanks
i used to really love this app and i still do for its flexibility and functionality . i was considering getting the pro version but because i am a small business owner , it was not yet necessary . since the recent change to the new add format , i am watching full screen adds and waiting for them to finish ( oftentimes no skip option ) . the adds are so obnoxious that the first time it appeared i tought i was hacked . it 's hampering my productivity and now it has also put me off getting the pro version ..
every now and then appears to disconnect from certain calendars . support did n't have an answer . otherwise , i love it .
the app crashes quite often recently but when it works it 's really useful to manage events and meetings , easy to use
def prefer this to google calendar , wish it was easier to see and switch to month view .
weather not accurate . it would be nice task have options on bottom of calendar too .
easy to use but needs better or customizable colors
it 's good ... marginally better than the one that is standard with the phone .
now you get a 30sec ad whenever you create a new calendar entry . still an excellent calendar
too many long advertisements when i need my calendar .
full screen ads ...
great app when it works but do n't assume you will get any support when it does n't . always read our help files and that is it .
overall decent functionality but clunky execution . the premium version has good calendar functions but the notifications are spotty and do n't work well with my phone , which defeats the purpose for me . the sub task feature is nice but organizing them is difficult .
very pleased . practical and clear . upset that 1. i paid for and installed an upgrade on my phone but this did not happen on my tablet ; all i get is advert for upgrade but at extra cost . 2. tasks is accessed in 3 steps . why not 1 ?
ok but i hate big full screen ads with long videos
sometimes gets dates wrong e.g religious holidays . not as intuitive as others . ok for basic use .
stopped syncing properly at some point , which drives me nuts because having an updated schedule on every device is very important for my job . a
functional but not very stable .
latest update broke google task . can not synchronize . try to log out and can not add google task again .
i have been using this app for years , and have loved it , but the latest version is sucking my battery . it 's very frustrating .
i 'm considering uninstalling this previously wonderful app : since the last update , the widget has gone completely unresponsive ...
it serves its purpose . i have not used too many others to compare . i wish i could set different reminder sounds . i hate the ads after adding an appointment . sometimes i have 2 things to add and have to wait , which is not ok when coordinating with a doctor 's office .
hate the ads .
i really like the sophisticated display and the level of personalisation you can make . it would get 5 stars ... but .... the default text colour for the month display widget is a dark grey that is too dark to read when using the dark theme . i have to go through every entry to change them individually to a light grey so i can actually read it in the widget . any help ?
was very happy with the widget , but the refresh button stopped working ( outlook 365 ) . edit : events from google calendar are synced fine . events from outlook 365 to mobile device sync fine , but edit them do not sync them back . manually refreshing from the widget does noting for outlook 365. manually refreshing in the app works without problems . these are all actions when using the device ( nokia 6.1 ) , and not in battery saving mode .
it 's decent but the google tasks integration is bad . it 's set to hourly sync but does n't actually update tasks unless i manually trigger it . the repeating tasks data is not synced with google : if it 's due to repeat in bc but i tick it off on a google webpage then it 's gone , no repeat . i 'm also having a problem with notifications appearing later than they should . all in all , i 'm going back to google calendar .
i like this app and have been using it for a while but have started noticing appointments i put in the calendar do n't sync to google and some how disappear out of my calendar so i have no idea when they are . extremely frustrating since i do n't always notice the appointment has disappeared .
i used to love this app but since installing the latest version on my new samsung 10 the google tasks sync has stopped working . it synchronises from google to business calendar but will not synchronise from business calendar to google . ] i have tried disconnecting my google account and reconnecting , i 've made sure bc2 tasks is associated with my google account and all sync settings are turned on . is this is a known issue and if so will a fix be developed please ? thanks .
overall it works , but not so easy to use . when you block out time the first and last day of the time block do not turn the same color as the rest so it can throw you off . sometimes it 's hard to set specific dates and the icons are limited .
great overall , somewhat limited .
the app was working great , up until recently ! now i cant click on the date , and update it directly through the widget . i have to open the app and make changes through there . what happened ! : (
beautiful widgets - in month view , i would prefer colored bars with text inside , the same as for full day events . syncing with ms exchange : pros : calendar - far better then samsung calendar ; cons : tasks - completely missing ( five stars down )
i have been using this app for years , but i am thinking of trying a different app . the issue that i have , is that doing seemingly simple tasks is overly complicated . for example i just want to make a personal and a work task list that is local to my phone . doing so has proven very complex and often i will create a task only to realize it has defaulted to my gmail account rather than the local list i intended . as a user it 's frustrating , the reason i use this app is to streamline organization .
love the program and it 's definitely an improvement over google calendar . just the easy moving back and forth between dates using the 'go to ' feature is a huge plus in my book . it does have some short comings that are irritating to me at least . i use my calendar to keep track of my to do lists . i save them in the description field . first off the editing features such as bolding , underlining , line numbering , etc do n't appear anywhere unless like in my case you accidently discover them by doing a couple of steps of bizarre gymnastics . once found i loved the features . however the first thing that is annoying is that if you have a long list of things that go past one screen you have to keep scrolling down to access those features . would be nice if there was a button or tab that would open a stationary bar at the top or a floating window that moves with the screen . second issue is definitely a software bug having to do with the line numbering . once a line numbering list has been established and you want to go back to add a new line or change the priority by moving things up and down the system does odd things .
pretty cool .. its features are much better than the previous version . however , the widget shows up too many google play apps pop-up advertisements , which is sometimes really irritating and takes my time for schedule planning .. ( i saw a review from the app developer .. maybe , that problem could have been coming from other sources like my phone or google play app itselft , or the like .. sorry for the comment that i have left even when i was not sure .. i thought that way because a lot of popups have ben shown when i was using this app .. sometimes gallery or photo app on my phone ( my phone is cheap but compact ) even sometimes show up ad .. maybe that could be the real cause of the problem .. )
since the last update , may 29 , i have been losing random events . tonight , i 've added the same event four times over the last three hours . just waiting to see if it disappears again . several updates ago , the photos i attached to each profile stopped appearing . i think the os was blamed . it 's been a great app for several years but i 'm afraid of what else i might lose in the near future .
i 'm not able to sync events i add in this calendar with my google calendar , even though i specifically pick the google calendar every time i add a event . also i 'm not getting any notifications prior to events , you have to manually add reminders for each event , you just ca n't set a setting to be reminded x minutes before any event . turns out you need to have your phone default calendar enabled to sync your events and to get notifications from this app .
this app is great as far as the calendar and task functions . however , it is nearly unbearable to use since it does n't respect the phone setting to not notify during a call . when it notifies during a phone call using the regular carrier app ( not skype , hangouts or other app ) , it buzzes and sends a loud notification that is painful and very disruptive . i sent in a support request 3.5 years ago and they said it should n't do that and they were going to `` look into it . '' but they have n't fixed it in any updates and it 's been the same on all of the different phones i 've had since then , not just an isolated issue on one phone .
help ! gps coordinates show up as phone numbers and/instead of a location . i enter the gps coords in location , but in widget it shows the `` phone '' and `` map '' icons . then when you select the event , but before edit , it shows it to be a phone number . i 've bein dealing with it , but it 's getting frustrating bc we use it 3-4 times a day i love the app , but this is just getting too much .
i gave it a lower rating because lately if i had any repeat scheduled appointments , i ca n't change one without changing them all . very aggravating . before , i was able to cancel one without affecting all the future repeat weekly or monthly entries . before , i could use this calendar to keep track of my past activities . now it looks like i attended a meeting when i did n't because i could n't cancel it without affecting future meetings
just lowered my rating . used to work great but now does not properly sync everything in my task list with my google calendar on my computer . it will sync new events & new tasks . but if i edit a task ( ex . change the date of the task ) , it does not sync properly w/ my google calendar . it used to be that all edits synced & appeared the same in both the app & my google calendar , but not now . i have been emailing with the support for this app , but have not yet found a solution .
the best android calendar app for power users . however , since a year or so , it freezes with almost every use , making it practically impossible to use . not sure if this is a widespread problem or just me . support has been responsive and has tried to reproduce the problem , but in vain . the option of sending a logfile for analysis is unfortunately not available . a pity , as it is a great app ; i still have n't found any other remotely as good as this one .
i have enjoyed this calendar for 9mths so much so i paid to go pro , now 3weeks on it no longer syncs events older than two weeks and i need to refer back further . the app blames google for the limitations but i now have another calendar that syncs back 3yrs so nothing to do with google . there used to be an option on bc to syncs all events past and future but this option is no longer available . really disappointed as was a good app , see how you get on but do n't waste your money upgrading like i did : slightly_frowning_face :
ca n't put a recurring `` every x weeks on a certain day '' not to monday . no matter what i set and save , no matter if i try to modify one , it is always only monday . if i choose two days , the second can be any other day . please fix this . also , i ca n't seem to be able to modify a recurring `` every 2nd day of month '' tipe of event chain .
the widget in one line mode could shorten the time spans so they do n't take as much space . also it does n't seem to sync well between multiple phones with tasks . * 10/22/2018 edit * not sure how else to respond to the dev but it 's task syncing not calendar syncing that 's the issue . * 10/23/2018 edit * both devices have task syncs active , and are just the main google account
authors : please stop associating every extension with this app . it 's annoying this pops up when i try to open a jar file . [ edit ] this means that excluding certain very popular file extensions ( svg , pdf , jpg ) when a file is opened from the files app , business calendar opens . this means if i try to open a bz2 file , a androffice file ( odt ) or a jar file ( jar ) . it 's strange for me that open office files would n't open in androffice but instead business calendar opens instead .
the app is great for the use , however i am giving it 3 stars . if i make a new event and change the colors , or add more than one reminder , these changes erase after i create the event . this results in me having to make those changes twice for them to be saved . very annoying and inconvenient . edit : i add the events on my phone for a synced calendar . the wifi connection is always stable as well .
i 've been using bc1 for years and i 've installed bc2 on at least 2 seperate occasions . bc2 is so not as good as bc1 . the overall look makes it look like a cheap childs game . the functionality became nonsensical and it made going back to bc1 such a pleasure . i ca n't imagine what the developers were thinking when making such changes . after using bc1 for so long i had high hopes for its future development but alas it not to be . these days i 'm looking elsewhere .
it 's effective . yes it 's better than a lot of other options out there . it 's just dated , the interface is weak and difficult to navigate . they could really make some strong improvements by streamlining it . i bet most users , pro or not , are n't aware of all the settings . response 8/8/19 : thanks for the offer but i think you 're missing point . if i had time to help i would have long ago though . response : i would n't have paid for an app that required me that much submit feedback in a forum .
wonderful when it works i have written them and never heard back . i bought the full version because i really like the calendar . i love that i can see many of my monthly entries on the full month widget view . i do not love that it crashes a couple times a day and i have to delete and add the widget again ... especially since it seems to always happen when on in front of someone making an appointment ! smh please fix update4dev : i did not receive email . i just resent email which contains info .
bought the pro a few years ago . however , recently went to a new phone , and now i 'm seeing ads , and it doesnt look like i have the pro version anymore . not sure what happened but jacked up that i paid for the pro , and unable to get the functionality of the pro version without buying it again .
great app , easy to use and convenient . i love the vertical scrolling in the month view . but it 's a shame that it does n't implement the functionality that allows to share my calendar events such that only a 'busy ' status is shown and not the event details ( i use a nextcloud agenda and sync with davx5 )
the widget keeps distorting itself . resize fixes it , but not for long . edit : monthly widget , nova launcher . nova launcher has worled great for me trough several android versions . i 'm not going to the stock one . your widget was also not working in android 8+nova . i upgraded a few days ago .
this app can not be useful to me until it works with dav synchronized task lists . for some reason it is able to load calendars from the davx app , but not tasks .
random ad pop ups that distracts while pulling up a meeting in a hurry . does n't parse contacts from email meeting invites into names you can easily add and remove . is pro worth $ 6 ? a little too high imo but developer is entitled to sell at whatever price . i find google calendar works fine for my needs .
hey i was very glad to use calendar 30 until now . i can not edit anything ... if i want to delete something is reappear every time . i ca n't move or delete . if is not working i want my money back . i will change the review if you solve this problem . edit : i will edit the review after you ll solve this problem . i send it an email also .
been using for couple of years with no issues , till the recent update with ad pushing .. well , ca n't really complain coz we 're using it for free .. but it 's too distracting when you 're checking your appt during crunchtime . unstalling as a result . reverting back to plain old no fuss google calendar . tks though
was working fine for couple years . now ... 1. it creates duplicates of repeating events 2. while trying to change notification sounds , it switched to silent with no way to restore 3. faq to allow single repeated event deletion says to sync to get 'only this event ' ; but 'sync now ' closes menu w/o synching
been a user of the app for 5+ years . has been helpful in managing a busy life . up until recently would have given 5 stars . three stars because of poor app support . i think i have finally worked out my issue , but disappointed in level and responsiveness of support . just hope you never need support .
nice calandar easy to use , there 's one thing and that is the lack of a good notification on the screen . i mist a few appointments because of that so i deleted the calendar . i really liked it but i need a good warning system !
i purchased the pro version , there was an update and now the pro version is gone . i can not seam to get it back and i have written thru the feedback link with no response . the pro version purchase shows in my play folder but i can not get the pro version loaded . i uninstalled and reinstalled and still no help . need to get the pro version loaded again , please help .
this was the absolute best calendar app out there for anyone placing productivity at the top of the list . downgrading because recently the location autofill function is not working very well . i 've had to rely on other calendar apps to add appointment , meetings and events .
i do n't know if a google update has rendered this app useless for reminders but i no longer get reminders for important events . i now have to go into the calendar app itself to view what is coming up . i 'm sick of apologising to people for missed appointments . i use a note 4 .
it has very nice , useful and comfortable look , i used it with a pleasure . unfortunately synchronization with gmail calendar stopped working . tried to reinstall this app - it helped for a week and stopped working again .
it was really great until i bought my samsung s9 ( was using an s6 prior ) , and when i transferred the business calendar program to the s9 the calendar 's search function no longer worked . i ask you , how useful is a `` business cakendar '' without a `` search function ? ''
seemed like a decent enough app , but i was looking for a calendar that worked with google but that i could add local photos to events with , a feature currently lacking in google calendar . without that , did n't seem different enough to justify extra install .
many critical bugs that do n't get fixed within a long period of time . also many times does n't sync changes to specific calendar or changes on one event out of a series of events .
need the ability to create recurring tasks and then edit separate instances , not the whole series or event and future instances . i need to edit just a specific instance . i think it used to work and give me the option to just edit this event , but now that is gone .
i really like the app but there is one feature that is to do but which syncs with microsoft account use the microsoft to do list because it sync very well with my laptop and also because it has the black theme . i would also prefer to have business calender on the web
i wish i could delete things that automatically show up in my calendar , things like holidays in other countries etc. , i do n't want `` everything '' showing up that really does n't pertain to me . if there is a way , i have n't found it !
great and powerful app , except for one thing : location does n't work when entering addresses . whenever i type an address with house numbers , the location recommendation list never contains the house number ...
works fine for importing calendar . ca n't say same for tasks . os : linux
this app could have been the best , i uninstalled it due to the widget error , after restarting the phone it does n't load . i liked it but if it does n't perform well on my need `` widget month calendar '' it 's a nah .
i love bc1 and btasks , but am disappointed that bc2 will not bring my tasks from bt and the new integrated bt syncs only to google tasks but no longer my toodle-do account . deal breaker for me ! why would you break the functionality with your own btasks app ? ? ?
why ca n't i change a single event in a reoccurring series ? am i missing something ? it only has 'change this and future events ' or 'change all events in series '
not sure what happened but now i have to hit the sync button every time to get my calendar to sync . i 've deleted the app and reinstalled and still having the same problem
you should have the choice to swipe left and right for different months and just up and down also change the word title event colors on a particular day to make it stand out .
time zone does n't work , i have my phone in a different time zone than i live in and have managed to change most things to my home time zone . this app allows me to change my time zone but it does n't actually reflect the change anywhere . the date and time of the app and events stay incorrect . my phone is on taiwan time for now and i have set the app , the preset for events and every individual event to mst , but when i open the app or use the widget , the dates show in taiwan time still
calendar has a lot of good features but half the time my reminders do n't go off so i miss them . paid for the full version but it still did n't help . all of my friday reminders finally chimed on sunday , kinda pointless ! !
i love the widgets for this app but there are some synching quirks that drive me nuts ? ! ! ? not sure if it 's the app or the stock google calendar but whichever it is , it 's not a good combination !
task management is a bit dangerous ( can forget to enable a list ) . also , ca n't figure out a way to view a single list without disabling all other lists ( which ties into first point ) .
i love this app and use it for everything , however , for some reason it is no longer showing any holidays when i clicked on that tab . hopefully this will be fixed in the next update .
great app , but i have one issue . my tasks that i create on my phone does n't sync with google tasks . how to fix it ?
i got a newer phone and i used the same email that i purchased the pro app on , but it wo n't let me install it again for free when i 've already paid for it .
displaying the `` contacts '' calendar of every google account can not be deactivated in calendar & tasks list ( it re-activates immediately ) .
like the app so far ... but i went into the settings and changed the appearance of my `` standard view '' to month ... yet everytime i open the app ... the standard view shows day instead of month .
the new update remove the option to change only one event when it is on repeat , now i need to copy and select .. and could have more colors ! ! paid version
smooth interface , but i didnt see where i can set a specific notification per schedule on my calender . it has one sound for all notifications in the calender .
very useful . ca n't get the tasks to sync with outlook tasks though . i only see local tasks . would get 5 stars if this was working
i like the calendar but get really annoyed at having to constantly change the colours as they keep going back to default .
keeps either not loading the widget/app and also occasionally deletes random dates ! impractical ! dunno why this is so highly rated to be honest
its nice enough app , but , synchronizing between the tablet and phone should be alot easier and more reliable than what it is ? ! !
would have give this app 5stars ... however .. everytime i restart my phone , the app wo n't load . i have to re-install it everytime . its annoying ! ( the widget )
the current release does n't sync appoinments i make in the app to my google calendar . it only copies the online calendar events to the app .
great but over half the time when i edit a task it changes the year to the 1960s even though it says 2019 when selected .
the day pro widget view shows events overlapping despite them not scheduled at the same time . it 's an annoyance but an overall decent app .
edit , paid out good money last year to buy premium but you 're still begging me to rate you . well my original 5 stars becomes today 's 3 stars . leave me alone , i rated 5 within minutes of buying ! ! ~ old review ~ i 've purchased the premium version , thank you , the best in the play store . edit ~ i would appreciate it if next time you have a one day sale you make it abundantly clear in the actual app otherwise i 'll never know . thank you .
the app looks great . alot of function . it would n't show me any shared calenders . fix that and this is a top app
still a good program but have knocked a star off because making features free . why have i paid for it as i 'm getting nothing extra now .
after the update widget stopped reacting but after deleting it and reinstalling it worked again and then came back to same problem .
ui too complicated , not very user friendly .
was great but the last update stop synking the outlook account ... try to re-connect it but no luck ...
very usable . occasional technical freak outs . some shortcomings in navigability and manageability
used to be very good , recently i 'm experiencing disappearing of events and random switching of visible calendars .
please allow line wrap for a event tile in the month widget and/or month-style display
has trouble syncing google calendar . not all events show up even after clicking sync now . also tried hiding and un hiding calender but still does n't sync .
pls allow us the option to disable the text formatting in the event description . i mean disable the formatting toolbar from showing up at the bottom of the description box when creating/editing events . thanks
not happy having flashing ads at the bottom of the calendar , very distracting
i like it . however , i ca n't seem to get the notification sounds to work . they used to .
the widget freezes a lot . the calendar is not intuitive to use .
add an event to calendar but it gets saved on a random day , not current day , annoying .
it 's okay , but the tasks are too simple . not a good way to integrate and organize them .
widget is not loading correctly when the phone is restarted all the time
functional , not beautiful . nothing particularly advantageous compared to other calendar apps .
does the month view as per the `` professional design '' image exist ? this seems ideal but i csnt find it .
happily used for years , unfortunately my events have been disappearing lately for no reason , so i will be uninstalling .
i love this ap , but when the new update went through , i no longer have the pro version ... please fix
my wedget does n't update weather , help
does not show dates of bookings as it used to detect from emails
purchased thr app as a replacement of the simple calendar widget , but it has no advantages over it
add seamless integration for office 365 accounts ..
sometimes the app will just stop working or the widgets wo n't work
i schedule a 9 a.m. meeting in pennsylvania while i 'm in california . but when i get to pennsylvania my 9am meeting is now off by 3 hours . i would like the times to be fixed no matter where i am .
i would give it a 5 but i recently got a new phone and i can not sync at all . i really needed it to sync . very disappointed because i followed all the steps in my email . please help
would love the calender to automatically fill in details of invitations and interested or going to an event
have to push too many buttons to approve my route . not hands free friendly .
i ca n't seem to create an anniversary or a birthday event like i used to . please assist
nice but i wish it had more flexibility .
looks nice ... but no cal dav task sync ...
i purchased the pro version inside this app . why ca n't i download the pro app in google store ?
after 4 years , ui seems dated
i 'm giving it only 3 stars because there 's no support for caldav tasks sync
i was like great wit it until it erased all my schedules , then like magic gave em back 4 that month
for basic mode , nothing much can set .
great app and so far no issues using it
you have to select for a reminder ! that should be standard !
would be nice to once you delete one thing that it would not ask if it 's the series .
why are n't holidays showing up on my calendar ?
is there a way to see less weeks in month-widget ? 6 weeks is too much for my taste . 4 would be more ideal
i paid for this app , now they have forced ads on me ? i would like a refund
i have an issue of widget stretching . are there any debugs ?
showed promise , but let down by an incredibly stupid copy function .
please make it possible to change the start day of the week . i want my calendar to start the week with monday instead of sunday . thanks .
paid for it 2 times keeps wanting me to pay for it again
its alright does same as google maps
nice calendar but where is the jewish calendar maybe you could offer more options
i have peoples birthdays showing up in my phone , who i do n't and have never known , nor have in my contacts
do n't have any options to manage daily expenses
how to integrate toodledo tasks ? any help would be appreciated
average app . no worth
why ca n't you add an attachment ?
still working on use
its ok works for me
ok , i guess .
i have been using the app for some time ( i guess about 2 years ) . the functionality is very good . but here comes the tracker list : adcolony , applovin , chartboost , facebook ads , flurry , fyber , google analytics , inmobi , ironsource , mintegral , moat , tapjoy , unity3s ads . appgenix says `` only for the free version '' . check with wireshark in progress .
the new video ad is really annoying , it pops out , and no way to close it unless you close the entire app . it really interrupt when you want to add a few appointments to the calendar .
great app . but it 's not syncing properly . please fix .
est ce que vous avez une version de business calendar pour les laptop ?
very customizable and easy to use . works great with google calendar but i ca n't get it to sync with my office 365 outlook account . bummer ! !
the full screen ads are intrusive and seriously hinder the free version 's usability . before the ads this was a very solid and handy calendar app .
，一|f厂了|b可cncc。 rv
great app ... new adds not so much .
after last update all info 's gone . shame on you . android never more .
needs to have matching theme with phone . i.e . dark mode with dark theme/light mode with light theme .
would be 5 stars , because it 's really great , the best calendar i 've ever used , but it keeps losing things i enter where i have poor reception . it 's like it thinks it has uploaded them and then forgets them somehow .
8/4/18 ☆☆☆☆ : i 'd give five stars if the weather showes in celsius . other than that , the app is absolutely great ! i ended up getting the paid version because i felt like the developers deserved it for making such a versatile scheduling tool ! ! 20/1/2020 ☆☆☆ : the degree still does not change to c even if i change it on darksky . fixing this would be very helpful especially that this has been noted almost 2 years ago .
ça fait le job , sans plus . l'ergonomie n'est pas des plus brillante .
widget is n't opening calendar . i 've deleted and restarted and when i use the 3x1 ( i think ) it opens to the day only , and wo n't go back to the month view like it used to .
thanks for your comments . why does google calendar sync perfectly and bc not , when all on the same account , i think ? some while ago , possibly due to an update , this stopped syncing reliably either regularly or even when sync button pressed in business calendar menu . deleting an event on this samsung galaxy phone sometimes forces a sync . sync is important as i use this with google calendar on desktop . previously wrote : easy to use and great that i can copy appointments .
ok , it 's sending hundreds of notifications with no end after an update yesterday !
took more than 3 years , but they 've finally managed to get bc2 to a similar perhaps even better level than the original . 3/10/2019 .. update . unfortunately , usability is severely compromised . busy calendars are almost unreadable unless in day view . tap to create appointment can drop you in very strange time slots ( 10:05 or 14:40 ) . clock to set times is backward step from bc1 which is by far the best way to set times on a calendar . i like the auto link to contacts in bc2 . 2 line favorites bar pls .
i 've been using this happily for years , but i have realised that it desperately needs ical feeds functionality to make it perfect . i need to see personal and work calendars , and an university provided ical feed all in the same place .
the feature of customization for repeating calendar/event function has disappeared . when attempting to modify , it used to asked , `` do you want to delete all calendar/event in the series or delete this particular function ? '' except for grandfathered calendar functions , the feature of attempting to delete a particular calendar function/event no longer exists .
zokay
hi i have been using this app for a number of years right from the first business calendar app ; the best feature i like is the management of reminders where the reminders stay on even after the event end time till is dismissed manually . however since i have upgraded to s10 the reminders are automatically removed after the end time . no change in settings has made any difference . unfortunately queries to the support team has n't helped . such a shame update- switched to acalendar app which works
i have been using bc2 for a long time . i generally like it but the month view widget just stopped displaying my calendars unless i hit the refresh button . i use nova launcher . please help !
it 's been more than a year since i 've requested a simple feature of counting the number of hours for certain entries in a month but there 's nothing yet .
ok
the last update caused annoying hesitation/delays when working with tasks in task view .
as far as calendars/task lists go , it 's pretty much the same as every other one that 's any decent . what sold me on purchasing this app was the crazy customizability of the desktop widgets . however , i 'm still miffed about the crappy , out-of-date icons/emotes the devs are using , and that at least one of them all but refuses to get with the beautiful present with them ( i use icons to quickly identify types of events on my desktop agenda widget - very useful ) .
something is wrong with the syncing , i can enter events but they do n't sync . the google calendar will sync
great app , but why ca n't i add an attachment ? i need this functionality and although i have been using bc for years , i might have to go to google calendar ..
please add exchange tasks ! google-like , automatic scheduling would be a great add on !
this took quite a bit of setting up . , but now it is working again i like this calendar .
ok ilv
good
a new isdue has cropped up . when editing a multiday event that you want to extend 1 more day you must include two additional days in order gor the app to show the one additional day you wish added . most strange issue
starting maybe in september i 've started having issues . i will add an event to the calendar ( which is synced to google ) , but within a few days the event will get cancelled ( w/out notice of course ) . i can appreciate that the problem stems from google sync . nonetheless the problem is serious as it has to do with the chore use of the application . anyway , i personally still use the app as the visualisation is still way better than google 's . so for me that still beats the major con .
repetitive tasks , by completion date , buggy . been reporting it since 2017jan21 , 0759 hrs ( mt ) . one rely asking how i sent in the concern ( which i tried to reply to and ca n't ) , since then nothing . great app , terrible customer service ...
events disappear
used it in the past and was n't too happy with it . tried it again , and now i have no idea why i did n't like it before . i especially love the integration of the to do /task list within the app . i use the agenda view on the widget and could n't be more pleased . as the title says , i love it ! several years later and still living it . would n't think of changing it for anything . rating dropped from 5 to 3 stars . too many features removed with recent updates .
not so great ! add birthdays and they disappear as soon as i save . used to love it , now looking for another love .
no comments
very nice
good
would be nice if you could attach image ( or some file ) to task and event . update : more than a year passed , still no progress on image/file attachment feature . although app is getting certain amount of updates , feels like it 's time to check out the competition .
too many long advertisements when i need my calendar .
sometimes gets dates wrong e.g religious holidays . not as intuitive as others . ok for basic use .
it would be higher rating but i ca n't delite some events i do n't need anymore .... for example : i still have reminder to pay a credit card which i do n't have anymore for 2 years ! ! ! ! ! if there is a way of deleting the same , please tell me , i 'll give it 4 stars . also too complicated ( time consuming ) setting exact time you want a reminder for an event ....
def prefer this to google calendar , wish it was easier to see and switch to month view .
i was like great wit it until it erased all my schedules , then like magic gave em back 4 that month
i have been using the app for some time ( i guess about 2 years ) . the functionality is very good . but here comes the tracker list : adcolony , applovin , chartboost , facebook ads , flurry , fyber , google analytics , inmobi , ironsource , mintegral , moat , tapjoy , unity3s ads . appgenix says `` only for the free version '' . check with wireshark in progress .
it serves its purpose . i have not used too many others to compare . i wish i could set different reminder sounds . i hate the ads after adding an appointment . sometimes i have 2 things to add and have to wait , which is not ok when coordinating with a doctor 's office .
every now and then appears to disconnect from certain calendars . support did n't have an answer . otherwise , i love it .
great app . but it 's not syncing properly . please fix .
hate the ads .
full screen ads ...
awesome until .... i was trying this app out to see if it was possible to finally break ties with my paper calendar . this app had some features that made it better than google calendars . that is , until you had to watch an ad to schedule an appointment . now when i save an appointment have to sit through a full page ad . i did n't get enough time in the app to figure out if it was worth it to pay for the full version but now the mandatory ads are a deal breaker .
why are n't holidays showing up on my calendar ?
the new video ad is really annoying , it pops out , and no way to close it unless you close the entire app . it really interrupt when you want to add a few appointments to the calendar .
ok but i hate big full screen ads with long videos
recently the app has shown a bug in repeat appointments . i always have repeated 3-day-appointment for friday , saturday , and sunday . it starts in the evening of friday and ends next sat morning , saturday evening to next sunday morning , and sunday evening to next monday morning . after monday , the appointment repeats every 5 weeks . it used to work correctly until mid 2018. now , the sunday-evening-to-next-monday-morning appointment appears in the week before the correct week . please fix it . thanks
est ce que vous avez une version de business calendar pour les laptop ?
now you get a 30sec ad whenever you create a new calendar entry . still an excellent calendar
，一|f厂了|b可cncc。 rv
the full screen ads are intrusive and seriously hinder the free version 's usability . before the ads this was a very solid and handy calendar app .
very customizable and easy to use . works great with google calendar but i ca n't get it to sync with my office 365 outlook account . bummer ! !
great app ... new adds not so much .
works great , but when i start creating events and switch to a different app and go back to business calendar , they disappear . also , very limited , unsearchable collection of emojis . no statistics on events , too . would also love to see goal tracking . needs prioritizements of tasks . also , no option to find a time for an event .
i used to really love this app and i still do for its flexibility and functionality . i was considering getting the pro version but because i am a small business owner , it was not yet necessary . since the recent change to the new add format , i am watching full screen adds and waiting for them to finish ( oftentimes no skip option ) . the adds are so obnoxious that the first time it appeared i tought i was hacked . it 's hampering my productivity and now it has also put me off getting the pro version ..
after last update all info 's gone . shame on you . android never more .
needs to have matching theme with phone . i.e . dark mode with dark theme/light mode with light theme .
paid for it 2 times keeps wanting me to pay for it again
i schedule a 9 a.m. meeting in pennsylvania while i 'm in california . but when i get to pennsylvania my 9am meeting is now off by 3 hours . i would like the times to be fixed no matter where i am .
would be 5 stars , because it 's really great , the best calendar i 've ever used , but it keeps losing things i enter where i have poor reception . it 's like it thinks it has uploaded them and then forgets them somehow .
the app crashes quite often recently but when it works it 's really useful to manage events and meetings , easy to use
ça fait le job , sans plus . l'ergonomie n'est pas des plus brillante .
8/4/18 ☆☆☆☆ : i 'd give five stars if the weather showes in celsius . other than that , the app is absolutely great ! i ended up getting the paid version because i felt like the developers deserved it for making such a versatile scheduling tool ! ! 20/1/2020 ☆☆☆ : the degree still does not change to c even if i change it on darksky . fixing this would be very helpful especially that this has been noted almost 2 years ago .
weather not accurate . it would be nice task have options on bottom of calendar too .
functional but not very stable .
app is easy to use , but there are 2 features i find annoying . when i add calendar items that i have entered multiple times before , i would like the event data to default to the same data usually used for this event - even when i 'm adding an event for the 50th time , i have to overlay the time , duration & reminder . the other is that my reminders do n't always remind me ( take today for example ) & i would like them to keep reminding me until i clear them , even if that takes all day .
it 's good ... marginally better than the one that is standard with the phone .
easy to use but needs better or customizable colors
great app when it works but do n't assume you will get any support when it does n't . always read our help files and that is it .
i have been using this app for years , and have loved it , but the latest version is sucking my battery . it 's very frustrating .
widget is n't opening calendar . i 've deleted and restarted and when i use the 3x1 ( i think ) it opens to the day only , and wo n't go back to the month view like it used to .
i 'm considering uninstalling this previously wonderful app : since the last update , the widget has gone completely unresponsive ...
very pleased . practical and clear . upset that 1. i paid for and installed an upgrade on my phone but this did not happen on my tablet ; all i get is advert for upgrade but at extra cost . 2. tasks is accessed in 3 steps . why not 1 ?
great overall , somewhat limited .
overall decent functionality but clunky execution . the premium version has good calendar functions but the notifications are spotty and do n't work well with my phone , which defeats the purpose for me . the sub task feature is nice but organizing them is difficult .
my wedget does n't update weather , help
latest update broke google task . can not synchronize . try to log out and can not add google task again .
beautiful widgets - in month view , i would prefer colored bars with text inside , the same as for full day events . syncing with ms exchange : pros : calendar - far better then samsung calendar ; cons : tasks - completely missing ( five stars down )
stopped syncing properly at some point , which drives me nuts because having an updated schedule on every device is very important for my job . a
thanks for your comments . why does google calendar sync perfectly and bc not , when all on the same account , i think ? some while ago , possibly due to an update , this stopped syncing reliably either regularly or even when sync button pressed in business calendar menu . deleting an event on this samsung galaxy phone sometimes forces a sync . sync is important as i use this with google calendar on desktop . previously wrote : easy to use and great that i can copy appointments .
i have an issue of widget stretching . are there any debugs ?
do n't have any options to manage daily expenses
i really like the sophisticated display and the level of personalisation you can make . it would get 5 stars ... but .... the default text colour for the month display widget is a dark grey that is too dark to read when using the dark theme . i have to go through every entry to change them individually to a light grey so i can actually read it in the widget . any help ?
ok , it 's sending hundreds of notifications with no end after an update yesterday !
the app was working great , up until recently ! now i cant click on the date , and update it directly through the widget . i have to open the app and make changes through there . what happened ! : (
please allow line wrap for a event tile in the month widget and/or month-style display
was very happy with the widget , but the refresh button stopped working ( outlook 365 ) . edit : events from google calendar are synced fine . events from outlook 365 to mobile device sync fine , but edit them do not sync them back . manually refreshing from the widget does noting for outlook 365. manually refreshing in the app works without problems . these are all actions when using the device ( nokia 6.1 ) , and not in battery saving mode .
it 's decent but the google tasks integration is bad . it 's set to hourly sync but does n't actually update tasks unless i manually trigger it . the repeating tasks data is not synced with google : if it 's due to repeat in bc but i tick it off on a google webpage then it 's gone , no repeat . i 'm also having a problem with notifications appearing later than they should . all in all , i 'm going back to google calendar .
this app can not be useful to me until it works with dav synchronized task lists . for some reason it is able to load calendars from the davx app , but not tasks .
works fine for importing calendar . ca n't say same for tasks . os : linux
ui too complicated , not very user friendly .
average app . no worth
i like this app and have been using it for a while but have started noticing appointments i put in the calendar do n't sync to google and some how disappear out of my calendar so i have no idea when they are . extremely frustrating since i do n't always notice the appointment has disappeared .
i used to love this app but since installing the latest version on my new samsung 10 the google tasks sync has stopped working . it synchronises from google to business calendar but will not synchronise from business calendar to google . ] i have tried disconnecting my google account and reconnecting , i 've made sure bc2 tasks is associated with my google account and all sync settings are turned on . is this is a known issue and if so will a fix be developed please ? thanks .
very nice
overall it works , but not so easy to use . when you block out time the first and last day of the time block do not turn the same color as the rest so it can throw you off . sometimes it 's hard to set specific dates and the icons are limited .
i 'm changing my review from 5 to 3. my husband uses the same app for his work and private events so i also bought this . however , for some reason , and we 've already tried every troubleshooting we can think of , his calendar private calendar wo n't show up on mine . although it does show up on google calendar . i 've tried reinstalling so many times but to no avail . only very few events of his would show up on my calendar and not the whole thing . i 'm not sure what 's going on : loudly_crying_face :
like the app so far ... but i went into the settings and changed the appearance of my `` standard view '' to month ... yet everytime i open the app ... the standard view shows day instead of month .
took more than 3 years , but they 've finally managed to get bc2 to a similar perhaps even better level than the original . 3/10/2019 .. update . unfortunately , usability is severely compromised . busy calendars are almost unreadable unless in day view . tap to create appointment can drop you in very strange time slots ( 10:05 or 14:40 ) . clock to set times is backward step from bc1 which is by far the best way to set times on a calendar . i like the auto link to contacts in bc2 . 2 line favorites bar pls .
the new update remove the option to change only one event when it is on repeat , now i need to copy and select .. and could have more colors ! ! paid version
sometimes the app will just stop working or the widgets wo n't work
the feature of customization for repeating calendar/event function has disappeared . when attempting to modify , it used to asked , `` do you want to delete all calendar/event in the series or delete this particular function ? '' except for grandfathered calendar functions , the feature of attempting to delete a particular calendar function/event no longer exists .
i 've been using this happily for years , but i have realised that it desperately needs ical feeds functionality to make it perfect . i need to see personal and work calendars , and an university provided ical feed all in the same place .
task management is a bit dangerous ( can forget to enable a list ) . also , ca n't figure out a way to view a single list without disabling all other lists ( which ties into first point ) .
great but over half the time when i edit a task it changes the year to the 1960s even though it says 2019 when selected .
ok , i guess .
seemed like a decent enough app , but i was looking for a calendar that worked with google but that i could add local photos to events with , a feature currently lacking in google calendar . without that , did n't seem different enough to justify extra install .
ca n't complete events . must keep dismissing it or delete it .
have to push too many buttons to approve my route . not hands free friendly .
the app is great for the use , however i am giving it 3 stars . if i make a new event and change the colors , or add more than one reminder , these changes erase after i create the event . this results in me having to make those changes twice for them to be saved . very annoying and inconvenient . edit : i add the events on my phone for a synced calendar . the wifi connection is always stable as well .
its alright does same as google maps
i wish i could delete things that automatically show up in my calendar , things like holidays in other countries etc. , i do n't want `` everything '' showing up that really does n't pertain to me . if there is a way , i have n't found it !
for basic mode , nothing much can set .
it 's effective . yes it 's better than a lot of other options out there . it 's just dated , the interface is weak and difficult to navigate . they could really make some strong improvements by streamlining it . i bet most users , pro or not , are n't aware of all the settings . response 8/8/19 : thanks for the offer but i think you 're missing point . if i had time to help i would have long ago though . response : i would n't have paid for an app that required me that much submit feedback in a forum .
i would give it a 5 but i recently got a new phone and i can not sync at all . i really needed it to sync . very disappointed because i followed all the steps in my email . please help
i love this app and use it for everything , however , for some reason it is no longer showing any holidays when i clicked on that tab . hopefully this will be fixed in the next update .
zokay
was working fine for couple years . now ... 1. it creates duplicates of repeating events 2. while trying to change notification sounds , it switched to silent with no way to restore 3. faq to allow single repeated event deletion says to sync to get 'only this event ' ; but 'sync now ' closes menu w/o synching
no comments
is there a way to see less weeks in month-widget ? 6 weeks is too much for my taste . 4 would be more ideal
has trouble syncing google calendar . not all events show up even after clicking sync now . also tried hiding and un hiding calender but still does n't sync .
i gave it a lower rating because lately if i had any repeat scheduled appointments , i ca n't change one without changing them all . very aggravating . before , i was able to cancel one without affecting all the future repeat weekly or monthly entries . before , i could use this calendar to keep track of my past activities . now it looks like i attended a meeting when i did n't because i could n't cancel it without affecting future meetings
nice calendar but where is the jewish calendar maybe you could offer more options
love the program and it 's definitely an improvement over google calendar . just the easy moving back and forth between dates using the 'go to ' feature is a huge plus in my book . it does have some short comings that are irritating to me at least . i use my calendar to keep track of my to do lists . i save them in the description field . first off the editing features such as bolding , underlining , line numbering , etc do n't appear anywhere unless like in my case you accidently discover them by doing a couple of steps of bizarre gymnastics . once found i loved the features . however the first thing that is annoying is that if you have a long list of things that go past one screen you have to keep scrolling down to access those features . would be nice if there was a button or tab that would open a stationary bar at the top or a floating window that moves with the screen . second issue is definitely a software bug having to do with the line numbering . once a line numbering list has been established and you want to go back to add a new line or change the priority by moving things up and down the system does odd things .
does not show dates of bookings as it used to detect from emails
calendar has a lot of good features but half the time my reminders do n't go off so i miss them . paid for the full version but it still did n't help . all of my friday reminders finally chimed on sunday , kinda pointless ! !
need the ability to create recurring tasks and then edit separate instances , not the whole series or event and future instances . i need to edit just a specific instance . i think it used to work and give me the option to just edit this event , but now that is gone .
i have been using bc2 for a long time . i generally like it but the month view widget just stopped displaying my calendars unless i hit the refresh button . i use nova launcher . please help !
i like it . however , i ca n't seem to get the notification sounds to work . they used to .
the best android calendar app for power users . however , since a year or so , it freezes with almost every use , making it practically impossible to use . not sure if this is a widespread problem or just me . support has been responsive and has tried to reproduce the problem , but in vain . the option of sending a logfile for analysis is unfortunately not available . a pity , as it is a great app ; i still have n't found any other remotely as good as this one .
hey i was very glad to use calendar 30 until now . i can not edit anything ... if i want to delete something is reappear every time . i ca n't move or delete . if is not working i want my money back . i will change the review if you solve this problem . edit : i will edit the review after you ll solve this problem . i send it an email also .
after the update widget stopped reacting but after deleting it and reinstalling it worked again and then came back to same problem .
ok ilv
i purchased the pro version , there was an update and now the pro version is gone . i can not seam to get it back and i have written thru the feedback link with no response . the pro version purchase shows in my play folder but i can not get the pro version loaded . i uninstalled and reinstalled and still no help . need to get the pro version loaded again , please help .
good
the widget freezes a lot . the calendar is not intuitive to use .
hi i have been using this app for a number of years right from the first business calendar app ; the best feature i like is the management of reminders where the reminders stay on even after the event end time till is dismissed manually . however since i have upgraded to s10 the reminders are automatically removed after the end time . no change in settings has made any difference . unfortunately queries to the support team has n't helped . such a shame update- switched to acalendar app which works
since the last update , may 29 , i have been losing random events . tonight , i 've added the same event four times over the last three hours . just waiting to see if it disappears again . several updates ago , the photos i attached to each profile stopped appearing . i think the os was blamed . it 's been a great app for several years but i 'm afraid of what else i might lose in the near future .
it 's been more than a year since i 've requested a simple feature of counting the number of hours for certain entries in a month but there 's nothing yet .
time zone does n't work , i have my phone in a different time zone than i live in and have managed to change most things to my home time zone . this app allows me to change my time zone but it does n't actually reflect the change anywhere . the date and time of the app and events stay incorrect . my phone is on taiwan time for now and i have set the app , the preset for events and every individual event to mst , but when i open the app or use the widget , the dates show in taiwan time still
add an event to calendar but it gets saved on a random day , not current day , annoying .
i would continue using this app if only i was able to add attachment to the calendar from google drive ex : picture , or doc file
nice but i wish it had more flexibility .
ok
was great but the last update stop synking the outlook account ... try to re-connect it but no luck ...
i love this ap , but when the new update went through , i no longer have the pro version ... please fix
this app is great as far as the calendar and task functions . however , it is nearly unbearable to use since it does n't respect the phone setting to not notify during a call . when it notifies during a phone call using the regular carrier app ( not skype , hangouts or other app ) , it buzzes and sends a loud notification that is painful and very disruptive . i sent in a support request 3.5 years ago and they said it should n't do that and they were going to `` look into it . '' but they have n't fixed it in any updates and it 's been the same on all of the different phones i 've had since then , not just an isolated issue on one phone .
does the month view as per the `` professional design '' image exist ? this seems ideal but i csnt find it .
why ca n't i change a single event in a reoccurring series ? am i missing something ? it only has 'change this and future events ' or 'change all events in series '
would have give this app 5stars ... however .. everytime i restart my phone , the app wo n't load . i have to re-install it everytime . its annoying ! ( the widget )
i got a newer phone and i used the same email that i purchased the pro app on , but it wo n't let me install it again for free when i 've already paid for it .
it 's okay , but the tasks are too simple . not a good way to integrate and organize them .
the day pro widget view shows events overlapping despite them not scheduled at the same time . it 's an annoyance but an overall decent app .
just lowered my rating . used to work great but now does not properly sync everything in my task list with my google calendar on my computer . it will sync new events & new tasks . but if i edit a task ( ex . change the date of the task ) , it does not sync properly w/ my google calendar . it used to be that all edits synced & appeared the same in both the app & my google calendar , but not now . i have been emailing with the support for this app , but have not yet found a solution .
something is wrong with the syncing , i can enter events but they do n't sync . the google calendar will sync
smart looking calendar but is unusable for business . my scheduled tasks are all forwarded to current day and wont show up in month view . widgets do n't agree or display the same info . after managing my calendar accounts to only two , app gives me five to choose from .. even deleted google calendars . a waste of time . i now use samsung calendar widget . one click on task lists ... it brings up same beautiful translucent widget theme in month view that agrees in format and my appointments thank you
showed promise , but let down by an incredibly stupid copy function .
i ca n't seem to create an anniversary or a birthday event like i used to . please assist
many critical bugs that do n't get fixed within a long period of time . also many times does n't sync changes to specific calendar or changes on one event out of a series of events .
good
still working on use
it has very nice , useful and comfortable look , i used it with a pleasure . unfortunately synchronization with gmail calendar stopped working . tried to reinstall this app - it helped for a week and stopped working again .
edit , paid out good money last year to buy premium but you 're still begging me to rate you . well my original 5 stars becomes today 's 3 stars . leave me alone , i rated 5 within minutes of buying ! ! ~ old review ~ i 've purchased the premium version , thank you , the best in the play store . edit ~ i would appreciate it if next time you have a one day sale you make it abundantly clear in the actual app otherwise i 'll never know . thank you .
i purchased the pro version inside this app . why ca n't i download the pro app in google store ?
been using for couple of years with no issues , till the recent update with ad pushing .. well , ca n't really complain coz we 're using it for free .. but it 's too distracting when you 're checking your appt during crunchtime . unstalling as a result . reverting back to plain old no fuss google calendar . tks though
great app , but why ca n't i add an attachment ? i need this functionality and although i have been using bc for years , i might have to go to google calendar ..
please add exchange tasks ! google-like , automatic scheduling would be a great add on !
this took quite a bit of setting up . , but now it is working again i like this calendar .
yy
not sure what happened but now i have to hit the sync button every time to get my calendar to sync . i 've deleted the app and reinstalled and still having the same problem
wonderful when it works i have written them and never heard back . i bought the full version because i really like the calendar . i love that i can see many of my monthly entries on the full month widget view . i do not love that it crashes a couple times a day and i have to delete and add the widget again ... especially since it seems to always happen when on in front of someone making an appointment ! smh please fix update4dev : i did not receive email . i just resent email which contains info .
bought the pro a few years ago . however , recently went to a new phone , and now i 'm seeing ads , and it doesnt look like i have the pro version anymore . not sure what happened but jacked up that i paid for the pro , and unable to get the functionality of the pro version without buying it again .
the last update caused annoying hesitation/delays when working with tasks in task view .
as far as calendars/task lists go , it 's pretty much the same as every other one that 's any decent . what sold me on purchasing this app was the crazy customizability of the desktop widgets . however , i 'm still miffed about the crappy , out-of-date icons/emotes the devs are using , and that at least one of them all but refuses to get with the beautiful present with them ( i use icons to quickly identify types of events on my desktop agenda widget - very useful ) .
nice calandar easy to use , there 's one thing and that is the lack of a good notification on the screen . i mist a few appointments because of that so i deleted the calendar . i really liked it but i need a good warning system !
been a user of the app for 5+ years . has been helpful in managing a busy life . up until recently would have given 5 stars . three stars because of poor app support . i think i have finally worked out my issue , but disappointed in level and responsiveness of support . just hope you never need support .
i 'm giving it only 3 stars because there 's no support for caldav tasks sync
i 've been using bc1 for years and i 've installed bc2 on at least 2 seperate occasions . bc2 is so not as good as bc1 . the overall look makes it look like a cheap childs game . the functionality became nonsensical and it made going back to bc1 such a pleasure . i ca n't imagine what the developers were thinking when making such changes . after using bc1 for so long i had high hopes for its future development but alas it not to be . these days i 'm looking elsewhere .
very useful . ca n't get the tasks to sync with outlook tasks though . i only see local tasks . would get 5 stars if this was working
great and powerful app , except for one thing : location does n't work when entering addresses . whenever i type an address with house numbers , the location recommendation list never contains the house number ...
used to be very good , recently i 'm experiencing disappearing of events and random switching of visible calendars .
great app and so far no issues using it
a new isdue has cropped up . when editing a multiday event that you want to extend 1 more day you must include two additional days in order gor the app to show the one additional day you wish added . most strange issue
purchased thr app as a replacement of the simple calendar widget , but it has no advantages over it
kartais kalendorius pastringa , neparodomi suplanuoti darbai , užduotys
random ad pop ups that distracts while pulling up a meeting in a hurry . does n't parse contacts from email meeting invites into names you can easily add and remove . is pro worth $ 6 ? a little too high imo but developer is entitled to sell at whatever price . i find google calendar works fine for my needs .
events disappear
authors : please stop associating every extension with this app . it 's annoying this pops up when i try to open a jar file . [ edit ] this means that excluding certain very popular file extensions ( svg , pdf , jpg ) when a file is opened from the files app , business calendar opens . this means if i try to open a bz2 file , a androffice file ( odt ) or a jar file ( jar ) . it 's strange for me that open office files would n't open in androffice but instead business calendar opens instead .
starting maybe in september i 've started having issues . i will add an event to the calendar ( which is synced to google ) , but within a few days the event will get cancelled ( w/out notice of course ) . i can appreciate that the problem stems from google sync . nonetheless the problem is serious as it has to do with the chore use of the application . anyway , i personally still use the app as the visualisation is still way better than google 's . so for me that still beats the major con .
its ok works for me
happily used for years , unfortunately my events have been disappearing lately for no reason , so i will be uninstalling .
repetitive tasks , by completion date , buggy . been reporting it since 2017jan21 , 0759 hrs ( mt ) . one rely asking how i sent in the concern ( which i tried to reply to and ca n't ) , since then nothing . great app , terrible customer service ...
how to integrate toodledo tasks ? any help would be appreciated
after 4 years , ui seems dated
its nice enough app , but , synchronizing between the tablet and phone should be alot easier and more reliable than what it is ? ! !
used it in the past and was n't too happy with it . tried it again , and now i have no idea why i did n't like it before . i especially love the integration of the to do /task list within the app . i use the agenda view on the widget and could n't be more pleased . as the title says , i love it ! several years later and still living it . would n't think of changing it for anything . rating dropped from 5 to 3 stars . too many features removed with recent updates .
the widget keeps distorting itself . resize fixes it , but not for long . edit : monthly widget , nova launcher . nova launcher has worled great for me trough several android versions . i 'm not going to the stock one . your widget was also not working in android 8+nova . i upgraded a few days ago .
i love bc1 and btasks , but am disappointed that bc2 will not bring my tasks from bt and the new integrated bt syncs only to google tasks but no longer my toodle-do account . deal breaker for me ! why would you break the functionality with your own btasks app ? ? ?
not so great ! add birthdays and they disappear as soon as i save . used to love it , now looking for another love .
i have been using this app for years , but i am thinking of trying a different app . the issue that i have , is that doing seemingly simple tasks is overly complicated . for example i just want to make a personal and a work task list that is local to my phone . doing so has proven very complex and often i will create a task only to realize it has defaulted to my gmail account rather than the local list i intended . as a user it 's frustrating , the reason i use this app is to streamline organization .
it was really great until i bought my samsung s9 ( was using an s6 prior ) , and when i transferred the business calendar program to the s9 the calendar 's search function no longer worked . i ask you , how useful is a `` business cakendar '' without a `` search function ? ''
great app , easy to use and convenient . i love the vertical scrolling in the month view . but it 's a shame that it does n't implement the functionality that allows to share my calendar events such that only a 'busy ' status is shown and not the event details ( i use a nextcloud agenda and sync with davx5 )
add seamless integration for office 365 accounts ..
would be nice to once you delete one thing that it would not ask if it 's the series .
smooth interface , but i didnt see where i can set a specific notification per schedule on my calender . it has one sound for all notifications in the calender .
keeps either not loading the widget/app and also occasionally deletes random dates ! impractical ! dunno why this is so highly rated to be honest
displaying the `` contacts '' calendar of every google account can not be deactivated in calendar & tasks list ( it re-activates immediately ) .
why ca n't you add an attachment ?
you have to select for a reminder ! that should be standard !
this was the absolute best calendar app out there for anyone placing productivity at the top of the list . downgrading because recently the location autofill function is not working very well . i 've had to rely on other calendar apps to add appointment , meetings and events .
very usable . occasional technical freak outs . some shortcomings in navigability and manageability
the app looks great . alot of function . it would n't show me any shared calenders . fix that and this is a top app
would be nice if you could attach image ( or some file ) to task and event . update : more than a year passed , still no progress on image/file attachment feature . although app is getting certain amount of updates , feels like it 's time to check out the competition .
why so many tracking scripts ? one or two should be enough . no i 'm not a free user . dark themes are underwhelming . contrast not good enough in them .
edit : just switched to s new phone . in the process i lost reminders and recurrence for my tasks ! i have to set it up all over again ! that 's awfull . : / next to that , there are some minor bugs that developer is not willing to fix .
the current release does n't sync appoinments i make in the app to my google calendar . it only copies the online calendar events to the app .
nice calendar app . using it with several active sync calendars . however , intermittendly it happens that some or all events show up twice . only solution is to remove the account and recreate it . it 's annoying when you have more than one calendar account . we have four ...
functional , not beautiful . nothing particularly advantageous compared to other calendar apps .
i paid for this app , now they have forced ads on me ? i would like a refund
i love the widgets for this app but there are some synching quirks that drive me nuts ? ! ! ? not sure if it 's the app or the stock google calendar but whichever it is , it 's not a good combination !
would love the calender to automatically fill in details of invitations and interested or going to an event
i really like the app but there is one feature that is to do but which syncs with microsoft account use the microsoft to do list because it sync very well with my laptop and also because it has the black theme . i would also prefer to have business calender on the web
you should have the choice to swipe left and right for different months and just up and down also change the word title event colors on a particular day to make it stand out .
still testing
not happy having flashing ads at the bottom of the calendar , very distracting
pretty cool .. its features are much better than the previous version . however , the widget shows up too many google play apps pop-up advertisements , which is sometimes really irritating and takes my time for schedule planning .. ( i saw a review from the app developer .. maybe , that problem could have been coming from other sources like my phone or google play app itselft , or the like .. sorry for the comment that i have left even when i was not sure .. i thought that way because a lot of popups have ben shown when i was using this app .. sometimes gallery or photo app on my phone ( my phone is cheap but compact ) even sometimes show up ad .. maybe that could be the real cause of the problem .. )
this app could have been the best , i uninstalled it due to the widget error , after restarting the phone it does n't load . i liked it but if it does n't perform well on my need `` widget month calendar '' it 's a nah .
cool platform
ca n't put a recurring `` every x weeks on a certain day '' not to monday . no matter what i set and save , no matter if i try to modify one , it is always only monday . if i choose two days , the second can be any other day . please fix this . also , i ca n't seem to be able to modify a recurring `` every 2nd day of month '' tipe of event chain .
really like this calendar app and would recommend to other users . though it really does need sms support for sending automatic reminders to event attendees . by that i mean i would like to be able to create an event and add an attendee . when the event reminder comes round i would want the invited attendee to be sent a sms text message reminding them in advance of the event . that functionality would make it a 5 star app for me .
the widget in one line mode could shorten the time spans so they do n't take as much space . also it does n't seem to sync well between multiple phones with tasks . * 10/22/2018 edit * not sure how else to respond to the dev but it 's task syncing not calendar syncing that 's the issue . * 10/23/2018 edit * both devices have task syncs active , and are just the main google account
i like this app , because it fits well in my daily routines and offers very many settings , especially regarding appearance . it has some basic design flaws and misses some easy opportunities , but all in all it is a valuable application for my personal time management .
was my goto calendar for years . easy , intuitive , configurable . it 's issue for me is using the android calendar sync vice directly syncing with google . i need to have access to historical and distant future events . if the developers can change the sync option , i 'd come back in a heartbeat and rate it a 5 ! * * just noticed reply ... yes i did try this work around and others from my research . did not work unfortunately . still unusable for me . sorry .
it 's user-friendly and can be personalised very efficiently , but i am currently having issues with it overlapping with the built-in google calendar . it did n't use to . i keep that for personal use and this one for business , obviously . but now they both sync and show the same things , whichever calendar i select , so i can not use them differently . i hope there is a way around this , otherwise i will have to download a replacement .
have been using the old pro version on all my previous devices for years and liked it very much . just started to use this new one not long ago . it has a more contemporary design , simplified and streamlined options , but the change in drag n drop in weekly view costs it a star .
i like this app quite a bit . it has more useful features compared to the normal samsung calendar app . it does not , however , play well with google . in that i ca n't ask google what my agenda is and have it pull info from this app . lame . hence 4 stars only . not sure if that 's a google thing or a thing for this app . otherwise i like it a lot .
i have been using the pro version for several years now . it has many nice features and sophisticated calendar widget with many customization options . sadly , lately there have been problems with task synchronization . as i mostly use tasks/todos for organizing and use multiple devices , this is a big issue for me . while developers are responsive and say it have fixed the problem it still persists at least for me .
dear team ! i 've been using this app since ages and i 'm mostly satisfied but with android 10 i lost the pop-up notification feature in the app . how can i restore it ? without pop-up notifications , only 4 stars . : pensive_face : thanks in advance ! reaction for the developer 's comment : even if i click on the notification in the status bar , it does n't open pop-up but the event itself . and anyhow , pop-up notification is crucial for me , otherwise i simply miss the notifications from the calendar . any eta ? : pensive_face :
one or two minor hiccups when inserting advance appointments which resulted in a difficulty with getting the diary back to 'todays ' date . i had to turn the phone on and off in order to correct this . also had problems with the app widget failing to download after the phone has been turned on . other than those issues the diary has been great . i would love to have more options to customise the appearance of the app , eg background or page colour options only work when you insert an appointment .
i really love this calender app . its pretty overwhelming at first but give it a few tweaks and boom , it wonderful . my only complaint is that i ca n't add it to my family library . please allow me to do this and i 'll rasie my review to 5/5 stars . overall .. i would recommend this !
its a good calendar ! . definitely bettwr then most and if they keep up ill continue to use it . they also are constantly improving the app i 'm having difficulties getting it to open on the correct day i 'm sure it 's just a setting i ca n't figure out the app keeps opening on a day for days from the current day
i especially like the fact that business calendar 2 works with akruto sync to synchronize my calendar and contacts between pc and android phone , without putting anything on the cloud . occasionally , business calendar 2 and akruto sync will duplicate many calendar events , making work for me to delete the duplicates .
a capable calendar . my main grumble is that it notifies me of calendar events after they have passed . sometimes a day or so later . even more annoying is google notifying me of events when i do n't use its calendar . the calendar would be better if the developers included a facility to stop google reading my calendar entries .
have been using this now for over a year , after trying a few . it is absolutely the best . all depends what you need it to do but it has great options and flexibility . works just fine , i do have a slow to load glitch on the widget on the phone . other than that it 's great
their widgets had gotten better since my last review . i really appreciate the calendar with the tasks on the side ! if there was a morning `` your day today '' or `` plan your day today '' alert in the morning , that would make it even better ! i went to any.do for that , but their calendar and sync to my waze app was off so i came back lol
go overall application . i wish it was easier to make changes in already established recurring appointments and it would be nice to have a refresh button . everything else works really well .
very good ... just one point . when listing coming up tasks it would be good to have bands of background semi transparent color to highlight today 's events and next 3 days events for example to be distinguished from far future events . all in one list with no distinction tends to be overlooked
is working as described . could offer deleatable holiday date/names , with drag/drop rescheduleling ... a query window where user could use a `` window of time '' ( such as `` 3:30pm to 8:30pm '' , 6 days a week ( s-mtwtf ) , with `` 30 minute travle time '' ) and locate new appointment opening automatically . it has been a useful app so far .
if you can get it on a good deal or already own the cb1 pro ( although one needs to install both app in order to get the pro fearures ) than it 's a no brainer . well almost as it still ca n't sync google reminders into it 's own task section which is a shame .
ads have changed from a small bar at the bottom to a full page screen that you could close to a full screen video that you ca n't close until you watch the whole thing .
i 've been using this amazing app for years and i read the chinese lunar calendar into the app recently . what troubles me is that how to add an event into the lunar calendar and let the event repeat at the same time on lunar date every year？thank you .
was a great app until android screwed up the notifications : ( or else it would have received five stars ! but i no longer get notices when i need them , so i might have to find another solution .
find this a great app . full diary views . to do lists and appointments can be on home screen . i have it on both my tablet and phone . only problem i find is that sometimes it stop syncing .
it 's great , the only issue i 'm having is when i snooze something and it then occurs at the same time as another event they appear to get grouped together and i have to snooze or dismiss them both .
great app but for some time i am not able to create an event from the widget . i have even paid for the app hoping it will resolve itself but this feature still is n't working properly .
the app is good . i am using the pro version since years . it works well with google calendar . now i want to use my outlook calendar as well . but i can not find the possibility to add an outlook calendar there . do you have any suggestions for it ?
my primary app for all my calendar needs . it works well . the pro version makes my life easier . ild however give it a 5 star if i could put photos up directly into the calendar instead of loading it up as a link
if only the authors would fix the issue with the wrong person displayed after clicking on the birthday box , i would consider paying for the premium version
love this app . it makes viewing all my google calendars in one apot easy ! my only issue is entering locations because i live in a rural area and it recommends places in large cities all the time .
a good way to manage my busy schedule , i particularly like having a separate task bar ... but would so like to be able to delete or adjust one of todays events without deleting/changing all upcoming ones .
i paid for business calendar pro but had problems with the app not working right a year and a half ago . downloaded and tried this one and never went back . it works no issues for me
good functionality and integration with gmail , alerts work as they should . have used it for nearly 6 months with no problems .
simple interface , clear display , not explored advanced features -- does the job for me .
tried several of this type . best of bunch for me . after last upgrade widget date not automatically rolling over to next day .
i needed a calendar that would extend my schedule to infinity and with multiple rotation scenarios for a variety of store visits . it does that great . is it possible to simplify moving events ( which actually are my store visits ) to other days within the same week or month ? it wud be great if you could just drag the store you missed to another day and it would only change that single event , not the rest in the rotation . thanks .
amazing app , helps me organise different tasks and events with colour codes . wish there was a notes page and a timetable so i could keep everything in one place !
i have tied a few calenders . this one is good for multiple accounts . easy to turn them off and on . its quite clear on a phone screen
i really love how i can see my task list and calendar side by side . the only reason why im not giving it a 5 is because i would really love a desktop version to use when im on my laptop .
very easy to use . however syncing with google calendar is slow for edits and deletes , and this is the reason for not placing a 5 star rating .
very reliable but not great at retaining future appointments over one year . they seem to disappear !
this product does everything that i need for it to do and all that it says that it will do . it is easy and friendly to use and i enjoy it greatly and truly do rely on it daily
nice format views and options . my only suggestion is to improve the options that can be assigned when creating a new event .
very good , been using for a few years now . the synch function is temperamental lately , perhaps an update changed something .
good tool to manage one or more calendars in one view . connects to gmail , contacts , phone , google drive and more
it just works . nice tight layout . combines google & exchange/activesync well . wish i could jump ahead faster than 1 mo at a time .
i use free version and its useful for everyday tasks . 4 stars because there are too many ads .
do you have any plan to make desktop view ? i am using pro and pretty happy except that part . getting more info for schedules and it would be amazing if it provides desktop view . a bit inconvenient as a one who is relying on this app a lot .
i used to really love this app . too many ads for 5 stars now - but i upstill like the way it works .
overall good and works well . syncs with google calendar and is a little easier to work with .
great app . had a quirk pop up last year , but historically best user interface , synced well , and wonderful functionality !
yes this is a great app . i like all the different variations and things i can tailor to my own needs .
i wish there was a task manager . only reason for 1 star drop . otherwise this app is working great for me .
some reason just recently the app uninstalled itself or somehow or another it got uninstalled and i have n't been able to receive any updates or any calendar events for the last couple weeks
love the way it can be easily zoomed for both size and number of days .
clear concisive calendar . like the sharing capabilities . have n't had any issues .
hi team , i paid for pro version but ended up rebooting my phone . now , it is asking me to pay again . how can i get my pro access again ? i paid for it on march 16 , 2020 .
why can i see ( and create ) task lists from only one account ? i have 3 google accounts on my phone , only one of them are in the tasks list
have difficulty trying to set multiple appts for the same time on different days ... too complicated ! just want to input what days of the week i want the appt for .
been using it for ages . improvements keep coming . still waiting for an app to master the 1 year overview .
no issues so far ... integrates nicely with all the software i use .
i like the interface . my only problem is awkward birthday calendar .
great app . would have been a 5 if had more color options .......
just do n't give 5 stars when not using most function , but those functions i use- totally satisfy my needs .
just wish the app would sync so i can use it on my new phone ! excellent otherwise . thank you ! ! !
perfect for my needs . i just wish it was also for apple so i can use it across many platforms .
very good , if a little hard to navigate . would recommend .
app is really great ! too frequent updates , in last week 3 updates ..
great app , has a few bugs merging calanders and loosing input but otherwise excellent
one star less because i ca n't find the windows version . otherwise , it is the best calendar .
needs more vibrant colors , perfect everywhere else .
google assistant reminders do not populate ... will this be addressed soon ?
very good . sometimes aggressive advertisement .
great app does everything i need with multiple accounts .
great app but the widget freezes alot .
good app . looses my long term appointments now and then .
great calendar app . easy to use .
keeps all meetings organized . great app !
great app , the best time setting interface of anything . only feature i do n't like is if you change the start time of an event it proportionally changes the end time so you have to change the end back to where it was and if you change it enough to span the midnight hour now you have to change the days too .
great app but voice quality sometimes poor
i find it 's useful and easy to check .
i like this apps . but i would like it better if it can show event description .
good but , too many ads ..
i 'm not sure , but i keep getting these little hidden files in download folder but i believe they 're from the calendar . i have n't checked since the update . but i do use this app every day especially for the widgets and the customization . you can get lost in it , but i 'd rather have the option than not .
love it , some pay features are annoying
i 've been using the pro version for four years and loved it until recent year-end . during the holidays , daytime sync with google tasks stopped . when i wake each morning , i find that many or even most tasks have synced , but ca n't force any more syncs for the rest of day . i 've reset and reinstalled the app without success . with the holidays over , i need to resolve this and get back to work , and find that i can download other competing apps that work great . please fix .
so far so good . easy sync with google calendars . however i ca n't tell if the to do lists can sync with other programs like wunderlist or the voice assistants like google or alexa ...
i have no problems with the app so it must be working .
love this app ! the only thing that is missing for me is the ability to long click on a day in any view and be able to give it a bespoke colour so i know that there is something important i need to be aware of on that date . if that was there it would be 5 stars
offers much more flexibility and i 'm enjoying the new updates . the one thing i would like ( for 5 star rating ) is the ability to strike-through appointments that are cancelled , which was possible in the palm pilot and similar to the `` completed '' tasks that once you have ticked them off it will strike-through the item .
good calendar but short on extras
very useful and functional .
thought one drive would be included in the cloud list .
in this last update there is a bug : in a widget i enter the event , and then i press the top left corner arrow to go into the main app - it just exits . update : the latest update does n't fix this
very good calendar . syncs well easy to use . just wish it had grouping option so i can tell what sort of appointment i have at a glance . apart from that very good
working excellent and it is very helpful
great calendar ! love you can use different colours for entries on the same day . wish i could use colour to shade the background of different days tho ! can use symbols & emojis too .
excellent calendar , worth the upgrade !
this really helps me to stay organized with my appointments , birthdays and other important dates .
good apps to sync with my google calendar . the only problem is that it could n't sync google reminder .
occasional lags are annoying .
powerful app . great features .
was using contacts + but ran out of space with an upgraded version so without warning it stopped saving contacts . poor idea ! ! ! found business call 2 pro & am still discovering new features . amazing app !
so far it has worked ok for me /
great .
good app
just wish the app would sync so i can use it on my new phone ! excellent otherwise . thank you ! ! !
great app but the widget freezes alot .
the best option for a calendar and calendar widget . functionally it is great . widgets are great as well . i wish the widgets would pick up the system font so everything on my screen was uniform .
pretty good overall .
good tool to manage one or more calendars in one view . connects to gmail , contacts , phone , google drive and more
hi team , i paid for pro version but ended up rebooting my phone . now , it is asking me to pay again . how can i get my pro access again ? i paid for it on march 16 , 2020 .
if only the authors would fix the issue with the wrong person displayed after clicking on the birthday box , i would consider paying for the premium version
simple interface , clear display , not explored advanced features -- does the job for me .
good
have been using the old pro version on all my previous devices for years and liked it very much . just started to use this new one not long ago . it has a more contemporary design , simplified and streamlined options , but the change in drag n drop in weekly view costs it a star .
i like this app , because it fits well in my daily routines and offers very many settings , especially regarding appearance . it has some basic design flaws and misses some easy opportunities , but all in all it is a valuable application for my personal time management .
works just great
great calendar app . easy to use .
amazing calander but lately there are too mamy adds . a lot more than before , still willing to deal with it though
go overall application . i wish it was easier to make changes in already established recurring appointments and it would be nice to have a refresh button . everything else works really well .
so far so good
very reliable but not great at retaining future appointments over one year . they seem to disappear !
excellent so far , i 've been using it for several years . one thing always is an issue though , i can never consistently figure out how to `` sleep '' my notifications if they end up on the quick setting drop down menu . it seems like it is always wanting to open the event up rather then give me the choice to sleep for various periods of time . i use the calendar this way a lot so it is a problem .
ads have changed from a small bar at the bottom to a full page screen that you could close to a full screen video that you ca n't close until you watch the whole thing .
tried several of this type . best of bunch for me . after last upgrade widget date not automatically rolling over to next day .
thought one drive would be included in the cloud list .
long time user across 4 locations .
i really love how i can see my task list and calendar side by side . the only reason why im not giving it a 5 is because i would really love a desktop version to use when im on my laptop .
one or two minor hiccups when inserting advance appointments which resulted in a difficulty with getting the diary back to 'todays ' date . i had to turn the phone on and off in order to correct this . also had problems with the app widget failing to download after the phone has been turned on . other than those issues the diary has been great . i would love to have more options to customise the appearance of the app , eg background or page colour options only work when you insert an appointment .
very good . sometimes aggressive advertisement .
love the way it can be easily zoomed for both size and number of days .
regular user since 2years 5-mar-20 : what can be done to ensure outlook calendar always syncs ? it never seems to work more than a few days ... after which i have to manually sync to keep it upto date ! ! this is a big bummer as business calendars are mostly on outlook across majority corporations !
been using it for years , and now reducing to four stars . the calendar side is great , best out there . but the task side is under-designed and buggy . i 've reporting a bug for years , and they 've never fixed it .
i like this app quite a bit . it has more useful features compared to the normal samsung calendar app . it does not , however , play well with google . in that i ca n't ask google what my agenda is and have it pull info from this app . lame . hence 4 stars only . not sure if that 's a google thing or a thing for this app . otherwise i like it a lot .
i used to really love this app . too many ads for 5 stars now - but i upstill like the way it works .
the app is good . i am using the pro version since years . it works well with google calendar . now i want to use my outlook calendar as well . but i can not find the possibility to add an outlook calendar there . do you have any suggestions for it ?
i like the usability and design a lot . unfortunately it has to be synced with your normal calender which is a deal breaker for me . i wanted to seperate work from my private life to keep a work life balance . it 's sadly not possible with this app .
i have tied a few calenders . this one is good for multiple accounts . easy to turn them off and on . its quite clear on a phone screen
nice format views and options . my only suggestion is to improve the options that can be assigned when creating a new event .
good but , too many ads ..
still enjoying this app after all these years
do you have any plan to make desktop view ? i am using pro and pretty happy except that part . getting more info for schedules and it would be amazing if it provides desktop view . a bit inconvenient as a one who is relying on this app a lot .
their widgets had gotten better since my last review . i really appreciate the calendar with the tasks on the side ! if there was a morning `` your day today '' or `` plan your day today '' alert in the morning , that would make it even better ! i went to any.do for that , but their calendar and sync to my waze app was off so i came back lol
it works , me like . bought the pro ver .
great calendar - bought the pro version for the previous version - just annoying to have to purchase again - otherwise would definitely buy the pro version !
its a good calendar ! . definitely bettwr then most and if they keep up ill continue to use it . they also are constantly improving the app i 'm having difficulties getting it to open on the correct day i 'm sure it 's just a setting i ca n't figure out the app keeps opening on a day for days from the current day
works well , nice interface
great app but voice quality sometimes poor
i use free version and its useful for everyday tasks . 4 stars because there are too many ads .
not the best but better than others
how do i add my agenda on the widget
very good calendar .
very good ... just one point . when listing coming up tasks it would be good to have bands of background semi transparent color to highlight today 's events and next 3 days events for example to be distinguished from far future events . all in one list with no distinction tends to be overlooked
very useful and functional .
very good . productivity booster
very useful calendar for people in business and even for busy individuals .
very nice application !
i like it so far
no issues so far ... integrates nicely with all the software i use .
i luv it . only downside is the adverts . but the app is awesome .
all good
love it , some pay features are annoying
nice clean app , good functionality .
so useful
just do n't give 5 stars when not using most function , but those functions i use- totally satisfy my needs .
it 's great , the only issue i 'm having is when i snooze something and it then occurs at the same time as another event they appear to get grouped together and i have to snooze or dismiss them both .
love it overall , but i had the worst time trying to get it to sync initially . i ended up installing the google calendar app in order to get my chromebook to sync on schedule , and then bc2 worked just fine ( must have been the chromebook ? )
have been using this now for over a year , after trying a few . it is absolutely the best . all depends what you need it to do but it has great options and flexibility . works just fine , i do have a slow to load glitch on the widget on the phone . other than that it 's great
needs more vibrant colors , perfect everywhere else .
great calendar
it 's user-friendly and can be personalised very efficiently , but i am currently having issues with it overlapping with the built-in google calendar . it did n't use to . i keep that for personal use and this one for business , obviously . but now they both sync and show the same things , whichever calendar i select , so i can not use them differently . i hope there is a way around this , otherwise i will have to download a replacement .
great app but for some time i am not able to create an event from the widget . i have even paid for the app hoping it will resolve itself but this feature still is n't working properly .
i find it 's useful and easy to check .
love it
app is really great ! too frequent updates , in last week 3 updates ..
supervb & smart
tons of features , and the features i need and want . however it often does n't show my information , each line just says `` loading ... '' . it seems that most of the time they will eventually load . all the permissions are good ....
love this app . it makes viewing all my google calendars in one apot easy ! my only issue is entering locations because i live in a rural area and it recommends places in large cities all the time .
why can i see ( and create ) task lists from only one account ? i have 3 google accounts on my phone , only one of them are in the tasks list
some reason just recently the app uninstalled itself or somehow or another it got uninstalled and i have n't been able to receive any updates or any calendar events for the last couple weeks
have difficulty trying to set multiple appts for the same time on different days ... too complicated ! just want to input what days of the week i want the appt for .
i like this app . it 's very useful .
my primary app for all my calendar needs . it works well . the pro version makes my life easier . ild however give it a 5 star if i could put photos up directly into the calendar instead of loading it up as a link
google assistant reminders do not populate ... will this be addressed soon ?
good app . looses my long term appointments now and then .
dear team ! i 've been using this app since ages and i 'm mostly satisfied but with android 10 i lost the pop-up notification feature in the app . how can i restore it ? without pop-up notifications , only 4 stars . : pensive_face : thanks in advance ! reaction for the developer 's comment : even if i click on the notification in the status bar , it does n't open pop-up but the event itself . and anyhow , pop-up notification is crucial for me , otherwise i simply miss the notifications from the calendar . any eta ? : pensive_face :
excellent calendar , worth the upgrade !
when i have open appointment and switch to different task , lost all unsaved changes . missing me that open appointment is not listed in taskmanager as running task .
i 'm not sure , but i keep getting these little hidden files in download folder but i believe they 're from the calendar . i have n't checked since the update . but i do use this app every day especially for the widgets and the customization . you can get lost in it , but i 'd rather have the option than not .
does everything it says it does . i use it on my phone and my tablet for 5 years now . wish i there was a desktop edition to sync with it . and would be nice if there were saved searches . seems like that would be easy to implement and so helpful for the users !
good
amazing app , helps me organise different tasks and events with colour codes . wish there was a notes page and a timetable so i could keep everything in one place !
very good , if a little hard to navigate . would recommend .
great app . had a quirk pop up last year , but historically best user interface , synced well , and wonderful functionality !
very good , been using for a few years now . the synch function is temperamental lately , perhaps an update changed something .
find this a great app . full diary views . to do lists and appointments can be on home screen . i have it on both my tablet and phone . only problem i find is that sometimes it stop syncing .
keeps all meetings organized . great app !
nice app
overall good and works well . syncs with google calendar and is a little easier to work with .
синхронизация не работает
i wish there was a task manager . only reason for 1 star drop . otherwise this app is working great for me .
this calendar application is fantastic and it is very easy to use . the best thing about it is that you can set multiple events and reminders . it 's great that it has up to 5 reminders that you can set , for an event that you 've made . there 's also a custom setting for setting reminders to any specific time of your choosing . i 'm also glad that it does n't have autocorrect . there are convenient weekly monthly and yearly views to choose from . great calendar application ! i highly recommended it !
brilliant app . would be great if attachments were supported too , but this is the best calendar app by a mile for my many calendars . also - if you do n't like ads , buy the bloody thing ! developers are n't charities , and i 'm fairly sure you wouldnt do your job for nothing ! do n't be cheap dudes .
everything is ideally pinpointed . there is instant access to tabbed features . it is a smooth and seamless system for organizing at a glance significant business network dates , meetings , holidays . it is a good tool for accessing daily activity reminders . i highly recommend this portal .
i 've tried other calendars , and i just love the layout . if only the widget layout can be changed when first opened . but it shows everything i need very easily . i can share my calendar with other people . i can change the colors . another recommendation is to gain more colors for the appointments . : ) overall , super happy . will not be choosing another calendar !
it has been six months since my purchase of pro version of this app and i am writing this review as gratitude to the developers . though , many of my favorite features have been added to default google calender app , this one still is my default . the diversity and configurability of widgets has been of particular help to me in managing my personal and professional tasks . another feature that i had used extensively is feature of repeated tasks , that have helped me in forming few good habits .
i do n't often buy apps above the basic level , but business calendar ( and now business calendar 2 ) has helped me keep track of appointments so well for so long that i did . i 've now had premium for almost a year & still thoroughly enjoy the added functionality & appreciate that the app is fully functional ( albeit with some added time required in some cases ) at the free level . thanks for such a great app , & please make this app for iphone too so my partner & i can use the same calendar app !
i truly , literally , honestly would not be able to keep track of my life without this app . i have seven calendars and a task list synced to my device . i 'm able to color code each calendar and appointments within those calendars , plus add emojis if i need an appointment to `` pop . '' the android widget is fantastic ( mine is set as my home screen so i always see what 's coming up ) . can not recommend this app more highly . i would give 50 stars if the option was available .
i have come to absolutely love this app ! i have used it 's beautiful widget playform on my last two or three devices for years ! it is such an easy and awesome way for me to bring all my calendar scheduling together . there was an initial learning curve to it at the start , but once i got the hang of it it became so quick and easy ! ! ! : grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes : amazing app guys ! glad i bought it .
review update : the scheduling function i wanted has been included at some point in the past ( which i did not know as i stopped looking for it long ago . ) so ... i am now pleased and revising my rating ! original review : this app is good but i do not understand why they do not create a way to make a recurring ( annual ) event for , say , the 3rd thursday in july . one can only create recurring events on the same date weekly , monthly , annually . that is not how many events are scheduled in the real world .
i have used the app for many years and loved it . within the last several months , it no longer syncs seamlessly with my google calendar . specifically , organizing tasks has become very gitchy . if you are looking for a calendar app and do n't mind it not syncing with your google calendar on your desktop then it 's a great app . unfortunately i 'd really like it to sync .
the simple customization of which calendars are showing with bars at the bottom of the screen is handy , and the widget with a customized compact agenda has been part of my home screens for years . the previous and current versions are 2 of the best app purchases i 've made and certainly the most regularly used along with nine . this shows my nine ( exchange ) calendars with no problems .
great app , been using it for years . have been using the paid version for a long time and expect to be so for the foreseeable future . it has great syncing capabilities with my online calendar and all my other devices plus it allows me to share individual events to an individual or a group and the repeating events works in every situation i can think of
i 've tried different calendar apps for a few years now and this is the one that i have decided to keep for the longest time . the monthly view is very neat , event creation offers a lot of option , and colors are easy om the eyes , too .
outstanding . i have relied on this app for years . the customization of the design colours for the calendar widget is a massive pro , as it keeps with my phone 's aesthetics . the learning curve is a little steep in some cases , but the capabilities and look are worth it . with multiple reminder notifications , ability to include emojis , different colour options for calendar entries and design layout & much more , this is an indispensable app in my arsenal . added colour options would be my one request .
just upgraded to android 10. re-evaluating . so far so good . though pop ups are gone due to android 10 architecture , i do n't miss them . reminders are now handled through the android notifications platform . thankfully , the multiple reminders feature still works ; i personally think this is the most important feature that makes this app better than stock calendar apps and even ms outlook .
nice app if you have tons of calendars from different accounts and still want to be able to see a selected subset of them . a bit annoying with the pro version advertisement as of recently . please , let add a feature to remove the tasks panel , i do n't use it and ca n't resize it . it takes 1/3 of the day view .
i searched for quite some time to find a calendar app that my wife and i could share . business calendar is an excellent solution . we have it installed on our phones and tablets and all are in sync . no more asking what she is doing today . thanks bc team .
listen , this is a great tool . take the time to learn how to use it . it will do great things for you . if you are like me and value your time , productivity , and efficiency ... use this app . as an android user , i keep my agenda view along with all my tasks and lists as a widget to the left of my home screen . i keep my calendar view to the right . quick , clean , efficient .
took me soooooo long to find a calendar app where the reminders actually pop up over what i 'm do n't and bother me ! i 've been using this app for about a year now and it 's a true life saver . i run a business and have 7 kids . i have between 10-20 reminders every day . this app truly works amazingly - not like others that failed to remind me and i was screwing things up all the time ! loooooove business calendar !
integrative calendar ! i 've been using this for a few years now . it combines multiple accounts , syncs fast , and the widgets are really flexible . one suggestion to the devs is putting in an automatic `` do not disturb '' option so you can be certain your phone wo n't ring during an event .
just realized that my purchase license is back -- it 's premium again now . thank you very much and i do appreciate it . so , dev. , you deserve my 5 stars rating back . • this lovely app gets better and better on every update and runs flawlessly in android 10. now i can reuse it for my daily assistance . again , a big thank ! : wine_glass : :slightly_smiling_face : :thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
for years i did n't like digital calendars . they did n't offer me the overview i liked of physical calendars and notebooks . i was very sceptical of digital ones and their cumbersome features and options - writing something down with a pen seemed sooo much quicker and more direct . then i saw a friend using business calendar and immediately i was intuitively drawn to its good overview of events , simple access to features and quick but precise 'taking a note'/'making an entry ' .
awesome not awesome . just got a new phone . does n't trasnfer most of my events and tasks ! ! ! ! this has to improve . i love this app enough to take my tune to recreate my events but if this is n't fixed by the time i need a new phone .... bye bye business calendar . .... and i think i even paid for the upgraded version ! i see red !
the best . extremely easy toggle view/hide of your different calendars direct from the month view , ability to create new google calendars ( which you ca n't do on standard google calendar ) , exceptional customization so the app/widget can always match your phones theme , etc etc . took me about an hour to decide 100 % that i will purchase pro , if for no other reason than to say thanks , but the features and look are amazing
the last update is great . but i find the search function needs to improve , i prefer like the old bcpro , or like the samsung stock calendar . i use very often the search funtion , and when i need it i have to go to the samsung stock app . i prefer that in search all events with the key words should be displayed instant , not needing to ask for past of future years ... that would make this app really 5 stars thanks
literally used this app for the last 4 years . love it . it does way more than any of the calendar apps on the market . i would recommend to any one . secret feature : you can privately link contacts to tasks and appointments so you can easily have their info on hand .
excellent interface with a variety of easy to use options . i like the clear colourful month view with enough written information on screen to see what each day has recorded without having to tap on each individual day to view information . much better than other calendars i 've tried .
literally the only app i found where the `` today '' widget shows only what is happening ... today . every other one will show the next couple of tasks , even if they 're weeks out . did n't know that was a ludicrously ridiculous request ... but apparently it is , so thank you .
i 've used this app since it first came out . i 've not seen any errors or bugs . it is very , very easy to use , syncs with google calendar flawlessly ( and has more info and can be used offline ) ! i 've used it to synch with friends google calender .
actually a very handy app to use for agenda views . however what i would love to see is an option to have the agenda filter on the widget . not a complaint , more just a suggestion for improvement .
i like this business calender as i can colour code the information i enter on a daily basis it makes it easy to check back on my enters and also notifications for up coming events i also like the way it learns form my input and offers suggestions i probably do n't use it to its full potential but it caters for my needs and i am grateful that i use it thank you
amazing app . very helpful in planning your business . very nice feature that you can add something and put it on repeat ( every day , every month , certain day ... ) highly recommend , it will help to make you business and life more easy .
rarely taking the time to write a review but on this one it 's absolutely worth it . was looking for a calendar app that has some powerfull widgets to bring anything you need straight to the homescreen and it just nails it . -straight forward , no nonsense user experience -propper column calendar with tasks in one widget -slick , highly customisable design -syncs instantly it 's been a straight up game changer for me so far and went premium - thanks a lot developing and maintaining this app !
very easy to use . i have the free version . connects with my google calendar and i share with my partner . i do have to manually sync through , as it does n't update automatically very well . overall , very happy with this app .
absolutely love the app . first ever 5 star : glowing_star : rating and we 'll deserved . i was looking for a widget that gave me the weekly schedule and this was spot on . no issues whatsoever so far and the ui is user-friendly too . 10/10 would recommend
love this app ! ! the template feature for take and events saves me do much time . i also love the ability to view calendars and groups on the fly , as well as zoom in and out to view a customized number of days . great app .
i have this app for 3+ years and still think it is a great app . i bought the full version after some time but the free version is great too . easy , initiative , visually pleasing and reliable .
the app does not allow to switch from monthly view to agenda with one touch only . i have to slide the page , find agenda in the list and then can switch . google calendar does this only by touching the top of the page . can you make this happen in the next update ?
i am a project support officer and administrator , calendars are one of my main tools every day . and business calendar is definitely my favourite one . neat visualisation of all information required when you juggle multiple calendars . let 's you add , move , sync , colour code . no functionality issues ever .
have had this app for sometime and find it does everything i need both as a retail manager and my home life . able to customize to suit individual needs , no hesitation in recommending .
great calendar for how i want my information displayed . tried most of the calendar apps and this one was the only one i immediately liked and did not really need to `` learn '' . for reference i use thunderbird as my computer email application .
coupled with sectograph ( just the best widget for me ) and in sync with the different calendars i need , this is the perfect app . the customization and simple look makes everything clear . if there was a desktop app as well i 'd get it too .
app worked well for me from the start- but it took a while to learn how to utilize many of the features . my close friends chide me because i add so much to my calendar - but the ability to add reminders keeps me on track .
i chose this calendar for its widgets which are the best among all the apps i tried . this combined with fine controls are the reasons i have n't looked back for several years now .
amazing app ! i love that you can slide from one day to several days as you please . very user friendly , pretty colors and no bugs . also , adding an event is simple and fast . kudos to the developers .
love this app , would love to have the ability to have a desktop version that sync 'd with my phone . maybe add this ability to permium users ? overall very pleased with this app . keeps a busy schduled organized , especially where multiple calendars are involved .
great app . love everything about it , especially the multi select option . would love to see the task/tool bar at the bottom rather than the top , it would make one hand operation a lot easier .
this is a great calendar app and it also connect to your other calendar apps , like your google , microsoft , samsung and so on . keeping you in touch with every calendar that you have on your phone .
this is a superb organisational app ! it met.my.needs when i was hunting around to replace another to do app that failed with an upgrade . i would recommend this to anyone .
i 've had this app for over 3 years , and paid a very small price for it , and i could n't be happier . quick setup , reminders the way you want them , and easy on the eyes when you change colors to your liking .
very nice agenda widget . also supports basic ics import , saved me a couple of times . had some problems deleting tasks , but might have been a glitch of my phone . but the look is great , one of the best out there
that 's a great app . i have suggestion which would make this app perfect for me . make option to delay all today 's events for 1h ( or any other period of time ) great anyway
best calendar app ive ever used . has a lot of preferences to suite your needs . but i would like to suggest if possible , for the all day events to be able to change their order sequence . that would be awesome !
love this app . i use this to consolidate multiple work and personal calendars in one view . i love the ability to manage appearance and notifications for each independently - super helpful in maintain work-life boundaries .
very helpful to have reminders and important details at your fingertips . i wish there was a way to have it synch with an app or program on your computer .
i love this app , just a question for future thought , the native samsung calendar app ( s8 ) when you tap a day you can easily swipe left or right via a box to easily show what appointments you have , any chance for someday a l/r on business calendar ? ?
i love the ability to combine calendars and task lists . it is very customizable and easy to use . i would love an option to have it on my computer as well and be able to sync them together . there are many widgets and they are very customizable as well .
intuitive , fast , easy . only my custom colors get messed up every once in a while between b.c . and google , but i do n't know who 's fault that is .
absolutely essential to my law practice ! full featured yet extremely intuitive to use . syncs perfectly with google calendar . one of my earliest & smartest app purchases as soon as i took the android plunge .
i have had this app for years now . it is the best calendar app i have used . i like how well it integrates with contacts , and how i am now able to attach files . definitely makes my life easier .
i have used for 3 or so years . it has served me well . so far . : ) . so far it is one of very few apps that has never crashed ... ( the so far is murphy 's law )
love this calendar ! ! i do n't know how i remembered anything i had to do before ! ! the notifications are so helpful as you can dismiss or snooze for 5 minutes to days ! highly recommend ! !
works great . looks great . excellent features . everything i need in a calendar widget . i do n't actually use the app
love this app . been using it for a few years . i have my personal , business , and family calendars all in one view . the widget is great for quickly viewing my agenda .
good set of features . works well . only wish i could display tasks or reminders on the calendar without a time duration .
excellent ! very versatile . i like being able to set multiple reminders and the location .
i 've been using the app for more than a year and it 's a real thing ! very functional and customizable in many different ways . i simply ca n't use another calendar app since i started using it
the best to-do and calendar combined app i have come across , and worth the fee . have looked at many on android and ios , and this is the only one that does what i want .
best app for calendars . it 's complete in almost every way possible . made my calendar app for life because of the customization power you have !
great calendar and planning app . easy to use and get the job done . well worth the extra money for the pro version . i enjoy the extra theme 's . i recommend this over google calendar .
integrates google calendar well , has a clean interface and easy to add one time and recurring events . i 've tried many and keep coming back to business calendar .
coming from 7 years of windows phone usage . i was desperately looking for a widget to show daily agenda on home screen . this is the far better one
best planner ever bought the pro edition ... it 's easy to use and has many convenient functions like tracking overdue tasks .
i spent a long time looking at and trying different calendar apps , and this was the only one i could find that had the functionality that i wanted . i have n't looked back since ! i highly recommend it .
very good ui . i really like the way it lets me manage views and multi task with my email . i paid for the pro version .
been very happy with this app . i love the widget and calendar view that show the names of the events in calendar view . very helpful !
very pleased with the product ! i do however have one suggestion : possibility to pick location directly from the maps would be nice .
i love the ease of use to advance options . i get to tailor the appearance and easily create reminder template for future use .
excellent app , have it synced with about 8 calendars so i can get everything in one place . it works - i wish everything in the app world worked so well .
this calendar app is amazing ! it can do so many things the other calendar apps ca n't huge and rich feature set . very reliable . 10 stars !
paid for pro since i use this app almost exclusively . all my other calendars are integrated into it . i use it daily for events , tasks , and reminders .
i have been using this calendar for years and have decided to upgrade partially to support the developers and partially for the additional functionality . i have no intention on ever switching my calendar application
fantastic app ! it has so many options to adjust . i love the widget on phone screen . my husband has started to use it as well . thank you !
love it ! works very well and is n't inundated with ads . i do n't mind an ad here and there and this app has it perfected
really nice overview , like the colors and how adjustable it is . wo n't consider any other calendar app
it does n't crash , often , great interface , and easy to create an event and/or task list . do n't change a thing .
thankyou ! exactly what i needed ! a wish to developers : please add option to make local task list appearing 1st by default when creating new event , and not the calendar
i 've been using this as a replacement for the default calendar for years . i love it . very full featured .
i have gone between this and the google calendar app . i like this because it expands the features that are missing in google calendar
love it . i wish there was a reminder option for when things ended as well . i think there used to be . or maybe that was another app .
brilliant . i love this app . my life is so easy now . update i 've just bought the app after using it free for 6 months . i 'm a driving instructor and my life has become so simple . i love this app
the only calendar app i have used for several years . i occasionally check on google cal and others but none have reached the same of features and presentation .
very easy to use . does the job well . has all the fields i need , and links to maps , alarms , searches ..
the most customizable calendar app , well worth the premium money , but even the free version surpassed many other apps in terms of functionality .
simply an excellent app in every way , hassle-free and very easy to use ... !
i 've only used the free version and have been very pleased . it 's easy to add and repeat events . no glitches .
works very well on android phones . does not have a steep learning curve .
this app does a great job of cleaning up the google calendar and making it more user-friendly . i use it all the time for my business .
excellent features , sync with google calendar and easy for multiple users . reminder feature excellent . makes remote organisation of diaries a breeze .
fabulous , best calendar app out there , so easy to sort all your appts and the various ways to view make it super simple to stay organized .
excellent app . it has everything i need to manage my time .
like the help it gives : )
great experience
great app . use it daily . very useful
easy to use , previous entry can be access at any point
best app . using it for 2 years now and its perfect for me
i have never come across an app like this before . everything felt so thought out . this definitely helped me organize my work a lot .
good
this is a superb organisational app ! it met.my.needs when i was hunting around to replace another to do app that failed with an upgrade . i would recommend this to anyone .
very helpful to have reminders and important details at your fingertips . i wish there was a way to have it synch with an app or program on your computer .
great calendar
great app . 1st one i load when i get a new phone .
really help me to organize my schedule : red_heart :
great
very quickly
luv it
nice
simple , works , and its reliable .
awesome to use
very useful and and easy to use
great for reminders !
awesome
i chose this calendar for its widgets which are the best among all the apps i tried . this combined with fine controls are the reasons i have n't looked back for several years now .
very good
the application is as i wanted it .
complete with usable widgets
useful , and easy !
i 've tried different calendar apps for a few years now and this is the one that i have decided to keep for the longest time . the monthly view is very neat , event creation offers a lot of option , and colors are easy om the eyes , too .
very good !
surp
best calendar app i 've come across .
best planner ever bought the pro edition ... it 's easy to use and has many convenient functions like tracking overdue tasks .
make my day to day that much easier . : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
great
i have gone between this and the google calendar app . i like this because it expands the features that are missing in google calendar
excellent app ! good developper response ! thanks !
best ever calendar i used !
easy to use for a big family
excellent ! very versatile . i like being able to set multiple reminders and the location .
very effective and user friendy . got it connected to my gmail , outlook en work environment .
best calendar app . used bc for a few years now and occasionally retried other calendar apps . found this is still best one out there by far .
versital customizable alert settings .
i 've yet to find a better calendar
love it
good
works very well on android phones . does not have a steep learning curve .
great
this is a great app for my needs , i 've got one issue , but not sure how to explain . it 's when i look at my daily events , and click on the day , i ca n't get it to disappear , so i close the app .
easy to use
excellent software . i was a long time user of business calendar pro . the font is a bit compressed but shows more information . very well done . please keep up the good efforts .
first class calendar
great . have no issues . recommend to all .
good set of features . works well . only wish i could display tasks or reminders on the calendar without a time duration .
helpful app .
the best calendar ever . i like the way that tasks are included .
well pleased with this app .
хорошее приложение которое реально помогает в жизни . нисколько не жалею о покупке платной версии . спасибо разработчикам !
the best
works great !
it is good aap for making daily routine chart .. it help us for work and remind important
every customisable feature you could think of
have had this app for sometime and find it does everything i need both as a retail manager and my home life . able to customize to suit individual needs , no hesitation in recommending .
i 've been using this as a replacement for the default calendar for years . i love it . very full featured .
great
excellent application , best calendar i 've tried .
love the calendar .
this app meshes well with my google calendar .
fab
that 's a great app . i have suggestion which would make this app perfect for me . make option to delay all today 's events for 1h ( or any other period of time ) great anyway
it works great
very happy with the features of this app
great calendar
excellent calendar i use it regularly .
excellent calendar app . the best .
this app does a great job of cleaning up the google calendar and making it more user-friendly . i use it all the time for my business .
a user friendly app
love this calendar , it has so many options to customize , the widgets are awesome too
the best mobile business calendar ever !
just the best calender app . been using it for years now and has all the features i need . edit : still the best !
its great !
i 've been using the app for years and ca n't think of any improvements .
simply an excellent app in every way , hassle-free and very easy to use ... !
generally stable , very few issues and does all i need
great app . synks well with all my calendars .
love it just need to use it more often
this calendar does everything i need it to do . i 've enjoyed this app on my galaxy s7 phone . now i have an s10 . content will not sync . is there an s10 version i do n't know about ? thanks for your help .
nice to be able to turn certain calendars on or off .
now it works
i searched for quite some time to find a calendar app that my wife and i could share . business calendar is an excellent solution . we have it installed on our phones and tablets and all are in sync . no more asking what she is doing today . thanks bc team .
works good for what i need .
very useful app . colourful too
love it . user-friendly and intuitive .
like it a lot . easy to use . easy to edit events ... great variety of views . daily calendar for me .
beautiful . large text and easy to use . well done ! ! !
intelligent intuitive design ! this is how i would have designed one for myself .
still using the app , still happy with it .
it has been six months since my purchase of pro version of this app and i am writing this review as gratitude to the developers . though , many of my favorite features have been added to default google calender app , this one still is my default . the diversity and configurability of widgets has been of particular help to me in managing my personal and professional tasks . another feature that i had used extensively is feature of repeated tasks , that have helped me in forming few good habits .
great app .
if you want to organize your day/week , this is the app for you .
i love the drag and drop feature
the reason i am giving this 1 star is because of its unreliability ! i purchased this app for my android phone and my mac desktop . it is very frustrating that the same app on my mac is not updating with my phone ! ! ! this app is absolutely useless to me when i can not see events that i have put in in real time even after i refreshing the app . very disappointing ! and kinda pissed off that i paid good money for this app !
can not get it to work on my huawei p20 . i have tried 3 times and can not get it to sign in . it looks like it works fine on my ipad because i can sign up and get in but on my phone i am unable to do either . i needed something that i could use on both devices but am unable to get into in ob my phone
i loaded the app on to my amazon fire . it will only display horizontally and i dont have the export option even though i have the premium subscription . i ca n't export my task list either .
extremely disappointed . i had been a faithful user of this app and loved it . then all of sudden everything changed . there is no cloud support . the tabs option is gone . there is no interface with established tasks list . i have tried and tried to use . i contacted support and they replied that due to streamlining the app it has a completely new appearance . i had uninstalled this app , however i felt i needed to write thos review . after i finish this , uninstalling this app . useless to me .
i use to love this app . it is the perfect organizer with great features . however for the last month+ it barely opens . i am lucky if it will actually open twice a day . the app will say not responding , opens to a black page , or does n't do anything but freeze my phone momentarily . my life is saved into this app so i am so frustrated ! !
note to self : : : the demo version of this app is totally useless - so there is no way of knowing if this product will be able to meet my needs before paying for the premium version . i 'll find another way to get my needs met . i 'm sure there are other products available for free that would do the same things . since i 'm not allowed to testdrive all the bells and whistles - i am passing this app over . no thanks . uninstalling .
too many ads , and it does n't automatically save your work . also , everytime i exit , and reopen it , it brings me to a different page than i was on .
i was really excited about this app but when i went to create an account it did not work . i tried logging in with my google account but it still did n't work . i am very disappointed
does n't look like the pictures at all . exact same layout as your phone 's calendar . now new settings etc . waste of time app .
this app used to be great . now it is garbage . a few months ago it started doubling a few tasks - no problem , i just delete the extras . now i get 5 to 10 copies of every task i delete . it is worthless . i ca n't forget the wait times to open the app , up to 8 minutes of staring at a black screen . oh , and the fact that in the past week or two it started giving me ads even though i have been using the paid version for years already . i let them know a couple weeks ago and got no response .
i liked this app , even paid for it , but uninstalled it today due to weird behavior . i see two other reviews here with a similar problem . the app will periodically launch itself , but it 's just a black screen , and it creates a copy of my home screen - looks the same but frozen until i hit the close button , then the copy scrolls away and i can again use my phone . just odd .
i have used this app for years . i have always paid for the premium version . at first , it was my favorite app , but it has gotten steadily worse . now it is very glitchy . it closes randomly and typically takes up to three minutes to open which is very embarrassing when i 'm trying to set an appointment with a customer . it also randomly unchecks completed tasks and reverts to older versions of my schedule . the developers are uncaring and blame my phone ( note 8 ) . i 'm looking for a new app .
i tried adding the pro for $ 7.99 because i thought you could set daily reminders by just marking repeat daily it does n't do that or any of the things i was hoping for , i have had it less than 24 hours and would like a refund , i have sent emails asking for help and have n't received anything back so i just want my money back and this app gone !
i have had this app for 2 years and absolutely loved it , after an update it would cut on automatically and freeze my phone . i would have to hit the open apps and close it before i could do anything with my phone . i have emailed and explained what it was doing , and i get am email wanting more explanation , so i did . several days later i get an email that wants a video showing . i do n't think this will get fixed i paid for the pro version and i will not renew
i thought upgrading and paying the $ 8 fee would allow me to use all of the functions of this app . it does not . i have n't been able to sync any of my devices . absolutely will not let me add an event . this was a waste of time and money . if i ca n't add my schedule on my lap top version then there 's no point to this app . plus there 's no support or anyone to contact to help trouble shoot or credit me back .
the app opens it self up whenever it wants to display an ad but the screen remains the same but i cant press anything . so it just opens up in the background all day long to display ads and make money when im not even using the app . this feature is ridiculous and it started happening every 5 minutes as opposed to every now and then so i just deleted the app .
got a new phone and app now wo n't allow me to hit sign in button . customer service is very slow to respond to help . love the app for last 2 / 3 yrs but not being able to use now is not worth my $ $ $ paid for it & to think it just renewed
in order to actually use the app as a planner , you have to pay money . very misleading and dissapointing .
it wo n't allow you to create an account with e-mail address and password . why give you the option but then does n't work when you use it . if not resolved within a week uninstalling app .
this basically is just a purple version of google calendar . it has the almost exact same layout as google calendar without any extra features . i wanted to use this as planner for school seperate from my calendar but there was no way to have it not sync with google . do n't bother getting this app just use calendar directly .
was great at first , but a new bug makes it so that every time i unlock my phone i have to press the “ home ” button twice to be able to use my phone at all . i know that it is this app causing the problem as when i click on the recently used apps tab after the bug occurs , this app is always the only one shown . i will have to uninstall now because of this .
lmao this app is so bad . setting events is a pain , time zones do n't work , the from time and to time of an event do n't work . if you trust this app for your planning . i 'm sure you 'd go mad because of missing important meetings due to wrong time setting . just use microsoft outlook etc and pay for it . this one is a waste of time
do n't bother with this planner app . there are lots of other apps that do the same thing . this app has intrusive ads thats pop up at random . if you close the app and open a different app planner pro will open a pop up on the new app your using . seriously do n't even bother with this bs
ca n't sign in . and there are reviews from october saying the same . so ... no improvement over months of having the same issue .
does n't work offline . requires internet and information . so not personal as it is over the internet . sorry did not get past first screen requiring sign up ... uninstalled .
this app is not worth the $ 6 a year . poorly developed with several glitches .
could not get the app to save event time properly . all i wanted was to put a due date between 11:50 p.m. and 11:59 p.m. on a certain day . would not do it . the app kept automatically changing my times . that 's annoying enough for me to ditch it and move on .
could be better . pls fix the 'repeat ' setting where i could accually pick the exact date and time . for example i have to study during mondays , tuesdays and fridays at 8 pm . the app is n't very specific about it deeming it useless to me . hoping for a better update .
i ca n't get a refund and the app does n't work . google play is zero help and i ca n't reach a developer ! i 've been robbed .
i have been using this for more than a year now , it was great , this is where i jot down notes on my classes and meetings , but this new update may have a bug i cant access it even with the correct pin i have entered pls fix this issue , thanks
app became unusable with 11/06/18 update . now the app takes 30-45 to open up after i click it and then i 'm get an annoying ad that plays that i ca n't close for another 5-10 seconds . i 'll be finding a new calendar app .
this app sucks if you dont have the pro version . i only had for a few min and could n't do more than add a task . i tried to add an event , and wanted to sync chromebook to cell but it would n't let me .
this is a great planner but i 'm really annoyed that having previously paid for the pro version i am now expected to pay an annual fee ! ! !
annoyed paid for this years ago paid full version and used it and recommended it ! now i am asked to pay yearly to remove ads ! what joke ! i paid for full add free version already and there is nothing new to justify the yearly purchase ...
i received a notice from planner pro this morning when i went to schedule some appts . it notifies me i can not use the app until payment received . ii checked my bank and payment was made on 01/26/2019 . i will be cancelling as unable to use .
i would give 5 if bug is fixed . it automatically opens showing black and unresponsive app pop up when it is not actually opened . please fix . this is for samsung s10e .
will not accept passcode after today 's update . have been a paid user for some time and need my info back . please fix and i will update my review . useless to me until resolved .
infested with ads now . downloaded to specifically view one calendar and set it so but it automatically syncs my samsung and gmail calendars automatically every time i open it .
it 's simple enough to set up a task or event .. but not once has it reminded me as set to . so looking for one that will .
november updates broke a lot of functionalities . please fix guys . - choosing alert notification sounds - ability to close off tasks on notification bar - lost full purchase info
does not integrate well across multiple cross-platform devices ; more upsetting to discover this after paying for the app .
this app launches itself with an invisible overlay over my home screen . that is extremely suspect behavior and therefore uninstalling .
shows annoying full screen ads that pop up from time to time !
rollback , right after editing .. pls fix this !
i liked it at first , even paid for it too but now it wo n't sync across my devices so i need to find something else that will
amazingly useful app with horrible glitches every week when all checked tasks become undone and overdue and default calendar changed by itself .
closing and crashing when adding tasks and project . support answering but does n't help .
ca n't get account created . tried linking facebook and straight account creation ... will not let me progress past sign in page .
please fixed it . why i ca n't login my passcode . damnly . alot of doc i ve save inside
i can not even create an account i fill in what 's needed and i 'm pressing the button and it 's not working some1 help .
i ca n't get new password . it sends message : email is not available .
over basic , definitely not worth 200 per year . pictures shown are not what the app looks like .
suddenly not displaying all other calendars . and after reinstalling , app wo n't open .
when opening a sub-task from any view , the sub-task window does not even show the main list/task it is from
closes everytime i try to add a note , event or anything else since last update
took $ before the renewal date . have not recieved my refund and canceled on the due date .
uninstalled once i realized there are ads and it wipes your current google calendar .
well i just got it and attempted to.create an account and after unfilled out the info it would not submit it . what gives
i could n't even make an account . it wont work
purchased the plus version and now with the update to pro , i no longer have my premium features .
does n't update changes live or correctly , even . was a waste of money for some basic app .
can not log in on other devices .
uninstalled , it interferes with my normal google calendar .
could n't even create a log in .
i lost all of my notes , and it would n't accept my passcode to get in any more so i deleted it and installed it again , then logged in and all of my stuff was gone . please help , i need it back .
the app does not work after last nights update
it says you are downloading the pro version which is a complete lie .
completed tasks continue to reappear
why does this basic app need access to my contacts and refuse to work without ? give me a break you filthy parasites .
i see no difference in this and google calendar
app has stopped opening
i could n't even log in
1 star for obligatory signup using google /fb/twitter .
would not let me create a log in .
want use only not sharing
nope , all i ever wanted was to keep track of my stuff durring winter break , and no im an eight year old , and i have to enter an email , please god no god save this app
can not access the app
too complicated when putting on data . i 'll stay with my diary .
wo n't even let me make a new account . unusable .
wouldnt let me make an regular account without linking something to it .
trash dont waste ur time unless u want to pay for the things that should b free
this is just a re-skinned samsung calendar , do n't waste your time
who puts ads on a calendar ? ! y'all that desperate for money smh .
this app deleted my whole google calender
cant use if i dont allow permission for contacts ? dumb
i do n't care for the dashboard
will not be using ever again .
piece of poo
not as advertised
lousy app
so disappointing ! ! ! i used to love this app bit over the last few months it is sooooooo glitchy ! i just spent an hour deleting and checking off tasks from my to do list and everytime i think im done , they show back up in triplicate ! ! everything i changed is still there after an hour ! ! ! does that sound like a good time management program ? ? ? ? ? and no way to contact support because when i try to get to the menu it shows a black screen ! ! ! ! !
i loved this app , but until they get rid of the yearly charge after making us buy it to begin with i 'll keep this at a 1. i did previously have this as 5 star , but i ca n't stand companies doing stuff like this .
, infoo
i hate it : angry_face :
started my account with outlook and went to put it on my phone apparently forgot password so hit forgot password and it said i did n't have an account so i went back to my tablet and it told me the same thing . i even put a pin in my phone and the pin was right , but it had deleted everything all the same and told me again i did n't have an account after making another new one . this app would be great if it did n't delete everything all the time . i would have recommended it before all this happened but not any more
a negative experience . i was n't using it and forgot about it until it was renewing . i did n't port it over to a new phone and it seems you ca n't cancel the app except through the app . this means i would have to install it on my new phone , give it permission to access my information , then cancel the subscription and uninstall it . other apps on my phone with subscriptions i can cancel through google play . apparently not this one .
do n't bother unless you pay them ( $ 7.99yr ) they do n't offer a trial ( suspicious ) and you get no access to features without paying . too many other apps just like this that are much cheaper and let you try the pay version before paying .
absolutely terrible customer service . they refused after several years to fix the 9.7 tablet aspect ratio . for a paying customer this is absolutely poor customer service has never work properly once do n't buy those that run away
i wanted a calendar app to keep track of business appointments separate from my personal appointments ; however , this app automatically synced with my other calendar , combining all appointments . i have reached out to them for assistance but recieved no help . very disappointed .
used the trial but it consistently asks for a pin to open it . i have no pin for it . i have installed and uninstalled it multiple times with the same result . if the free version does n't work , i wo n't be spending money on a full version !
does n't look like the pictures at all . exact same layout as your phone 's calendar . now new settings etc . waste of time app .
i could n't even make an account . it wont work
i see no difference in this and google calendar
extremely disappointed . i had been a faithful user of this app and loved it . then all of sudden everything changed . there is no cloud support . the tabs option is gone . there is no interface with established tasks list . i have tried and tried to use . i contacted support and they replied that due to streamlining the app it has a completely new appearance . i had uninstalled this app , however i felt i needed to write thos review . after i finish this , uninstalling this app . useless to me .
the reason i am giving this 1 star is because of its unreliability ! i purchased this app for my android phone and my mac desktop . it is very frustrating that the same app on my mac is not updating with my phone ! ! ! this app is absolutely useless to me when i can not see events that i have put in in real time even after i refreshing the app . very disappointing ! and kinda pissed off that i paid good money for this app !
can not get it to work on my huawei p20 . i have tried 3 times and can not get it to sign in . it looks like it works fine on my ipad because i can sign up and get in but on my phone i am unable to do either . i needed something that i could use on both devices but am unable to get into in ob my phone
too many ads , and it does n't automatically save your work . also , everytime i exit , and reopen it , it brings me to a different page than i was on .
i was really excited about this app but when i went to create an account it did not work . i tried logging in with my google account but it still did n't work . i am very disappointed
rollback , right after editing .. pls fix this !
i ca n't get a refund and the app does n't work . google play is zero help and i ca n't reach a developer ! i 've been robbed .
lousy app
i loaded the app on to my amazon fire . it will only display horizontally and i dont have the export option even though i have the premium subscription . i ca n't export my task list either .
in order to actually use the app as a planner , you have to pay money . very misleading and dissapointing .
i use to love this app . it is the perfect organizer with great features . however for the last month+ it barely opens . i am lucky if it will actually open twice a day . the app will say not responding , opens to a black page , or does n't do anything but freeze my phone momentarily . my life is saved into this app so i am so frustrated ! !
would not let me create a log in .
this app is not worth the $ 6 a year . poorly developed with several glitches .
1 star for obligatory signup using google /fb/twitter .
does n't work offline . requires internet and information . so not personal as it is over the internet . sorry did not get past first screen requiring sign up ... uninstalled .
i could n't even log in
nope , all i ever wanted was to keep track of my stuff durring winter break , and no im an eight year old , and i have to enter an email , please god no god save this app
ca n't sign in . and there are reviews from october saying the same . so ... no improvement over months of having the same issue .
so disappointing ! ! ! i used to love this app bit over the last few months it is sooooooo glitchy ! i just spent an hour deleting and checking off tasks from my to do list and everytime i think im done , they show back up in triplicate ! ! everything i changed is still there after an hour ! ! ! does that sound like a good time management program ? ? ? ? ? and no way to contact support because when i try to get to the menu it shows a black screen ! ! ! ! !
trash dont waste ur time unless u want to pay for the things that should b free
i do n't care for the dashboard
could n't even create a log in .
piece of poo
note to self : : : the demo version of this app is totally useless - so there is no way of knowing if this product will be able to meet my needs before paying for the premium version . i 'll find another way to get my needs met . i 'm sure there are other products available for free that would do the same things . since i 'm not allowed to testdrive all the bells and whistles - i am passing this app over . no thanks . uninstalling .
completed tasks continue to reappear
lmao this app is so bad . setting events is a pain , time zones do n't work , the from time and to time of an event do n't work . if you trust this app for your planning . i 'm sure you 'd go mad because of missing important meetings due to wrong time setting . just use microsoft outlook etc and pay for it . this one is a waste of time
it wo n't allow you to create an account with e-mail address and password . why give you the option but then does n't work when you use it . if not resolved within a week uninstalling app .
got a new phone and app now wo n't allow me to hit sign in button . customer service is very slow to respond to help . love the app for last 2 / 3 yrs but not being able to use now is not worth my $ $ $ paid for it & to think it just renewed
why does this basic app need access to my contacts and refuse to work without ? give me a break you filthy parasites .
closing and crashing when adding tasks and project . support answering but does n't help .
not as advertised
too complicated when putting on data . i 'll stay with my diary .
closes everytime i try to add a note , event or anything else since last update
this is just a re-skinned samsung calendar , do n't waste your time
the app does not work after last nights update
app has stopped opening
suddenly not displaying all other calendars . and after reinstalling , app wo n't open .
wouldnt let me make an regular account without linking something to it .
well i just got it and attempted to.create an account and after unfilled out the info it would not submit it . what gives
could be better . pls fix the 'repeat ' setting where i could accually pick the exact date and time . for example i have to study during mondays , tuesdays and fridays at 8 pm . the app is n't very specific about it deeming it useless to me . hoping for a better update .
over basic , definitely not worth 200 per year . pictures shown are not what the app looks like .
was great at first , but a new bug makes it so that every time i unlock my phone i have to press the “ home ” button twice to be able to use my phone at all . i know that it is this app causing the problem as when i click on the recently used apps tab after the bug occurs , this app is always the only one shown . i will have to uninstall now because of this .
the app opens it self up whenever it wants to display an ad but the screen remains the same but i cant press anything . so it just opens up in the background all day long to display ads and make money when im not even using the app . this feature is ridiculous and it started happening every 5 minutes as opposed to every now and then so i just deleted the app .
i have used this app for years . i have always paid for the premium version . at first , it was my favorite app , but it has gotten steadily worse . now it is very glitchy . it closes randomly and typically takes up to three minutes to open which is very embarrassing when i 'm trying to set an appointment with a customer . it also randomly unchecks completed tasks and reverts to older versions of my schedule . the developers are uncaring and blame my phone ( note 8 ) . i 'm looking for a new app .
does n't update changes live or correctly , even . was a waste of money for some basic app .
took $ before the renewal date . have not recieved my refund and canceled on the due date .
purchased the plus version and now with the update to pro , i no longer have my premium features .
will not be using ever again .
i can not even create an account i fill in what 's needed and i 'm pressing the button and it 's not working some1 help .
i loved this app , but until they get rid of the yearly charge after making us buy it to begin with i 'll keep this at a 1. i did previously have this as 5 star , but i ca n't stand companies doing stuff like this .
not great .....
i would give 5 if bug is fixed . it automatically opens showing black and unresponsive app pop up when it is not actually opened . please fix . this is for samsung s10e .
this is a great planner but i 'm really annoyed that having previously paid for the pro version i am now expected to pay an annual fee ! ! !
i liked this app , even paid for it , but uninstalled it today due to weird behavior . i see two other reviews here with a similar problem . the app will periodically launch itself , but it 's just a black screen , and it creates a copy of my home screen - looks the same but frozen until i hit the close button , then the copy scrolls away and i can again use my phone . just odd .
i have had this app for 2 years and absolutely loved it , after an update it would cut on automatically and freeze my phone . i would have to hit the open apps and close it before i could do anything with my phone . i have emailed and explained what it was doing , and i get am email wanting more explanation , so i did . several days later i get an email that wants a video showing . i do n't think this will get fixed i paid for the pro version and i will not renew
annoyed paid for this years ago paid full version and used it and recommended it ! now i am asked to pay yearly to remove ads ! what joke ! i paid for full add free version already and there is nothing new to justify the yearly purchase ...
this app launches itself with an invisible overlay over my home screen . that is extremely suspect behavior and therefore uninstalling .
, infoo
i ca n't get new password . it sends message : email is not available .
it 's simple enough to set up a task or event .. but not once has it reminded me as set to . so looking for one that will .
when opening a sub-task from any view , the sub-task window does not even show the main list/task it is from
cant use if i dont allow permission for contacts ? dumb
this app used to be great . now it is garbage . a few months ago it started doubling a few tasks - no problem , i just delete the extras . now i get 5 to 10 copies of every task i delete . it is worthless . i ca n't forget the wait times to open the app , up to 8 minutes of staring at a black screen . oh , and the fact that in the past week or two it started giving me ads even though i have been using the paid version for years already . i let them know a couple weeks ago and got no response .
can not log in on other devices .
i received a notice from planner pro this morning when i went to schedule some appts . it notifies me i can not use the app until payment received . ii checked my bank and payment was made on 01/26/2019 . i will be cancelling as unable to use .
wo n't even let me make a new account . unusable .
ca n't get account created . tried linking facebook and straight account creation ... will not let me progress past sign in page .
could not get the app to save event time properly . all i wanted was to put a due date between 11:50 p.m. and 11:59 p.m. on a certain day . would not do it . the app kept automatically changing my times . that 's annoying enough for me to ditch it and move on .
amazingly useful app with horrible glitches every week when all checked tasks become undone and overdue and default calendar changed by itself .
i hate it : angry_face :
i thought upgrading and paying the $ 8 fee would allow me to use all of the functions of this app . it does not . i have n't been able to sync any of my devices . absolutely will not let me add an event . this was a waste of time and money . if i ca n't add my schedule on my lap top version then there 's no point to this app . plus there 's no support or anyone to contact to help trouble shoot or credit me back .
uninstalled once i realized there are ads and it wipes your current google calendar .
shows annoying full screen ads that pop up from time to time !
uninstalled , it interferes with my normal google calendar .
want use only not sharing
this app deleted my whole google calender
do n't bother with this planner app . there are lots of other apps that do the same thing . this app has intrusive ads thats pop up at random . if you close the app and open a different app planner pro will open a pop up on the new app your using . seriously do n't even bother with this bs
who puts ads on a calendar ? ! y'all that desperate for money smh .
does not integrate well across multiple cross-platform devices ; more upsetting to discover this after paying for the app .
this app sucks if you dont have the pro version . i only had for a few min and could n't do more than add a task . i tried to add an event , and wanted to sync chromebook to cell but it would n't let me .
infested with ads now . downloaded to specifically view one calendar and set it so but it automatically syncs my samsung and gmail calendars automatically every time i open it .
i lost all of my notes , and it would n't accept my passcode to get in any more so i deleted it and installed it again , then logged in and all of my stuff was gone . please help , i need it back .
app became unusable with 11/06/18 update . now the app takes 30-45 to open up after i click it and then i 'm get an annoying ad that plays that i ca n't close for another 5-10 seconds . i 'll be finding a new calendar app .
please fixed it . why i ca n't login my passcode . damnly . alot of doc i ve save inside
november updates broke a lot of functionalities . please fix guys . - choosing alert notification sounds - ability to close off tasks on notification bar - lost full purchase info
i have been using this for more than a year now , it was great , this is where i jot down notes on my classes and meetings , but this new update may have a bug i cant access it even with the correct pin i have entered pls fix this issue , thanks
can not access the app
i tried adding the pro for $ 7.99 because i thought you could set daily reminders by just marking repeat daily it does n't do that or any of the things i was hoping for , i have had it less than 24 hours and would like a refund , i have sent emails asking for help and have n't received anything back so i just want my money back and this app gone !
will not accept passcode after today 's update . have been a paid user for some time and need my info back . please fix and i will update my review . useless to me until resolved .
no
it says you are downloading the pro version which is a complete lie .
this basically is just a purple version of google calendar . it has the almost exact same layout as google calendar without any extra features . i wanted to use this as planner for school seperate from my calendar but there was no way to have it not sync with google . do n't bother getting this app just use calendar directly .
i liked it at first , even paid for it too but now it wo n't sync across my devices so i need to find something else that will
absolutely terrible customer service . they refused after several years to fix the 9.7 tablet aspect ratio . for a paying customer this is absolutely poor customer service has never work properly once do n't buy those that run away
could not even create a account
a negative experience . i was n't using it and forgot about it until it was renewing . i did n't port it over to a new phone and it seems you ca n't cancel the app except through the app . this means i would have to install it on my new phone , give it permission to access my information , then cancel the subscription and uninstall it . other apps on my phone with subscriptions i can cancel through google play . apparently not this one .
started my account with outlook and went to put it on my phone apparently forgot password so hit forgot password and it said i did n't have an account so i went back to my tablet and it told me the same thing . i even put a pin in my phone and the pin was right , but it had deleted everything all the same and told me again i did n't have an account after making another new one . this app would be great if it did n't delete everything all the time . i would have recommended it before all this happened but not any more
it 's useful but it does n't fully sync the events , tasks , and notes between devices . it 's a huge inconvenience . besides that i still love the app .
nice looking app albeit does not seem to sync with google calendar and not cross platform . certainly can not do $ 15/yr .
the interface is great and i love it overall ; however , i 'm giving it two stars because it wo n't synchronize between my samsung phone and ipad , despite being the same account information for each . i emailed their support like about this , and they asked for my login info , but i never heard anything back . this is a huge inconvenience because i put a lot into the version on my ipad , and i dont , and wont , do it twice for the same application . once this is fixed i 'll happily increase the rating .
i have been using this for a while and found it to suit my needs well . i wanted something where i could see trasks and appointments in a daily view . this accomplished that goal in an easy to read and navigate format . however , there must have been a recent update that has made the ads ridiculously invasive to the point that i no longer want to use this app . i think i will start checking on alternate options .
i loved this planner for several years with no issues . all of a sudden i ca n't launch the app or create/edit an event without getting a noisy , intrusive pop-up ads . i will be looking for a new option , possibly even just my stock calendar .
this is literally just another calendar app . misleading calling it a planner . smh . it 's not even a good calendar . if you 're hunting for a good planning app keep looking because this is definitely not it ! ! !
i was told to install planner pro instead of planner plus ( which was what i already used ) in order for my cell phone & ipad to sync . i have had at least 5 emails back & forth with the contact person but i still ca n't get my calendars linked using my email address as instructed . i guess i will have to go back to my google calendar . i love the planner plus but need a calendar that syncs to both my cell and ipad .
eh . it 's mediocre and really does n't do anything your calendar app on your phone does n't already do . i liked using the month widget until it just decided , on jan 29 , that the month of february no loger existed . i tried to look ahead to the month of feb to see a preview from the widget but it kept going fron jan to march . the only way to view feb in the widget was to change the date to feb in my phone . just went back to my phone 's calendar app . uninstalling .
suddenly with ads and paid content disappeared , synchronization has some issues
free version does not allow you to view all your events in the monthly view . i only see colored dots that indicate an event is scheduled . i would like to see the event names . i contacted support , but sadly did not get a response .
i would love it if my calendar would sync across by devices . and my tasks & notes synced . its disappointing because i enjoy the simplicity of the format ; its user friendly . but iy does n't work for me since i ca n't sync all devices .
i think i could really like this app . except i upgraded to paid and still have ads and the search function does not search notes . it will be hard to find info saved in notes if you cant search ...
loved this app until i updated updated it . gibberish on every day now . it is terrible . like this on my phone and tablet ! ! ! ! ! how do i fix . i depend on this planner ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
do not pay for upgrade ! ! if you upgrade it just messes the app up . i have to manually change days every morning now . if it were n't for that , it 'd be great . please fix .
please fix the widget . it does n't automatically update the day . it always shows yesterdays ' date . constantly having to remove and install widget .
it used to be a good app until they added the latest update which includes ridiculously annoying ads and frequent crashes .
not very intuitive . i could n't find a way to switch between week , day , or month views .
after reinstall data not recover while take backup google drive
ver y often the application does not open , you sen question and ask what is happening , and you get no replied , , roger j sanchez from miami
it 's google calendar with different color scheme
pain . ya have to create an account to access
notifications stopped working then it deleted all my tasks
it is doing a strange black screen thing , and randomly opens by itself ( other reviews have mentioned this ) and i suspect it is making my phone crash . my phone is crashing several times a day , when i remove the app it stops crashing . i hope there is a fix for this . it works just fine on my tablet , but not my phone . it 's a great app due to its simplicity . i switched to another planner app today and will be requesting a refund .
i made several repeating tasks that are supposed to be repeated weekly by the day of the week . they seem to just multiply and now the same 4 tasks will show up 3 times each on a single day . i ca n't edit the original repeating ones , i can only delete them individually on the day they show up several times . this is very annoying . this app was a waste of my money . i paid for the ability to make repeating tasks . i 'm very disappointed .
was fine until the last couple of days when the layout turned squirrelly on my android tablet . seems okay on my smart phone . still , i will not purchase full version unless the version for my tablet goes back to matching the screen layout on my cell .
i 've had this app for a few years , and it worked well until the last several months - it 's gotten increasingly buggy and will do things like `` forget '' you checked off tasks as completed and re-list them as incomplete between closing and re-opening the app . it also had been freezing more and more frequently , to the point where that happens at least once a day , and now i ca n't even load certain screens . because of this , i will not be renewing my subscription this year and will be using another app .
uninstalled when i saw the app wanted me to pay a subscription fee as ransom for my data , i never will .
this app was amazing when i first started using it . now it duplicates tasks too much . i have about 20 of the same task for each day and it takes forever for me to delete the extra tasks .
i paid for the subscription but can not use the recurring function . i tried to make a task for monthly use and it does not show up on the other months ahead .
this app sucks its slow and they make you pay to make checklists which is ridiculous
wo n't let me use/access weekly view unless i pay $ 7.99 for the year . what a crock . i 'll find another app : waving_hand :
not what i was looking for , i saw there was a time it would remind me i thought it would work but non of them did so that sucked
it sucks : middle_finger : :middle_finger :
i set weekly view in settings and for few days the app worked fine but today i tried to go back to months view and i tried to access settings but when i try to do that the app closes
widget is buggy - a task marked as completed in the app is displayed as overdue , and trying to tick it off in the widget takes me into edit mode . the proper app , when reopened , shows a blank inbox and revisiting the screen is required to populate it again . poor punctuation ( eg . `` 28 sep , 2017 ” - why the space before the comma ) is not that big a deal , but also adds to the app not feeling very `` pro '' .
i ws kinda disappointed because i really loved the user interface of the app and how smooth it flows from one set up to another . however , i have to uninstall and install it back up several time because it will not accept the 4digit password i have set it up with . i had to do it like 10 times : / but still like the app tho . i hope that bug will be fixed sooner .
i really wanted to like this app , but it 's just too buggy . sometimes i open the app and it does n't have the icons to switch views . also the 12-hour formatting is really flawed . and the priority scale seems way too complex . high , medium , low should be enough for most people .
i tried to explore it a little after downloading , i want something that will show me everything planned on the day i have notes on rather than me having to search if i do , i tend to forget due to busy schedules . i want automatic pop up , i 'll keep playing with it , but so far dislike
did n't get past not being able to use it in portrait mode . i think i should be able to choose whether i need widespread view as in a spreadsheet or a portrait view to view a page of writing and this does not give me the option . i may end up using it this is only the second app that i have tried for organizing by used to be hand & ink written notebooks .
the app is great for the schedule but the tasks needs work . i should be able to schedule something to repeat every day but it does n't allow for that option . and it does n't always register the repeats . had to pay for the yearly subscription to find out it doesnt even work . stick with the free version . least youre not wasting your money . will have to try something else for my tasks . and the developer does n't care .
i think the free version of the app has some good capabilities , but lacks some functionality that i desire ; functionality that i 'm not sure exists in the paid version due to the lack of support for the product . i was unable to find where i could go to ask questions . thus the 2 star rating
well , based on the description of this app and what i understood i would receive has not , lived up to its description . i hope the bugs will be worked out . i emailed for help more than 24 hours ago and have not received any response thus far . it would be helpful to have a help and/or faq section to refer to . after only one day of using the app , i have encountered the following : 1. from calendar screen , + button does not give option for project ( only event , task , or note ) . i have the upgraded version . 2. settings , general , start with ... is set for day view , but shows month instead . 3. help & feedback only gives option to email for help . no option to search for help . 4. when deleting an item in a series comma i do not get the option to just delete the one occurrence . am i doing something wrong ? is there any help that i can expect to receive ? i paid $ 4.99 for the upgraded version , and i am not at all happy . busy people with crazy schedules need a reliable app .
app is very buggy ! week view is completely unusable - shows some events twice , and some not at all . also , it would be nice if there was an option , in month view , to see the names of the events without having to click on every day individually . fix this and you 'll get 5 stars , but without that ( especially week view ! ) the app is useless .
i do not use it so i want to cancel the subscription but am unable . jorte had unsubscribe within opening page . unable to sign in .
i do n't want make an account before trying out the app ! give us a week trial before making us sign up , please .
with so many free calendar apps out there , there 's just nothing in the free version of this one to make you choose it . the only feature that might set it apart from the competition is the project feature , but you have to pay to use it . sure , you have the notes feature , but there are ways to accomplish the same thing in pretty much any other calendar , so i just ca n't see the point . rather than pay for an upgrade to an app that 's just ho-hum ( the view is n't even very customizable ) , i 'll be uninstalling .
it does n't work well as a calander or any type of memo for me . i also did n't like the type of layout design they made it did n't fit with what the purpose of this app was said to do
i have questions that i would like to have answered and i have emailed numerous times with no reponse back . they say dont write negative reponses to this app without contacting us first . i did email for answers but no one will answer my questions . my questions are not bad for this app but the people behind this app are terrible business people . so this could be a great app but service is terrible . which instead of getting 4 or 5 stars im giving 2 should be 1 but app is good the ones behind the app are bad just want to take peoples money and then laugh at us by not helping
the app worked fine for awhile but all the events i added were simply gone this morning . this was a frustrating experience .
does n't sync reliably , and that 's one of the most critical features for a calendar app .
i cant set my times for events bc theres no am/pm option . it keeps changing my time not allowing me to put the right thing .. annoying
used to love this app , but after the update it 's dumb and no longer useful .
this app is a pretty good one , but on my galaxy note , it stopped allowing me to check off tasks for some reason . i paid for the pro version before this happened unfortunately .
i like the app , but for the past day i have n't got any notifications .
this app is not good if you do n't buy the subscription .
when my phone is in tablet mode ( android 7 ) the app will not display in portrait mode . it defaults to landscape mode . pls fix and i 'll change my review .
is n't thanksgiving and christmas considered a holiday ? ? ? am i wrong ? ? ?
i just installed this app and it 's always on landscape view . please fix this soon . thank you !
ads . just too many .
the app does not sync with my google calendar and there is no sync option or refresh option . meetings etc are not shown and i have to go back to the google calendar or acalender to make sure i do n't miss anything . events made on my tablet do not show on my phone . please fix this . it 's such a great app if it just worked .
unable to create an account despite using email or social media account . ca n't even start trying out the app
it would be a 5 * review if it were n't yearly payment . put it a one time payment and i 'll be the first one to buy it . this really ruined it for me .
its still asking me in an ad on the app to upgrade . not cool !
wish i can repeat sirten things without spending money every year
you want me to pay $ 5 for the full version so i can set a task to repeat ? my phone 's planner does that for free .
this thing is terrible i could n't do anything i wanted
ট্যাবে হরাইজন্টাল , ফোনে ভার্টিকাল। ফলে ট্যাবে লিখতে অসুবিধা হচ্ছে। এবং লগ ইন করতে হয় যেকোন অ্যাকাউন্টে।
task notifications have stopped working .
if you want to start a project you have to pay 4.99 a year .
used to be good until last update , now i ca n't login to see any of my tasks , appointments , or notes . edit : now works since newest update , but i have lost all previous tasks and notes . very disappointed .
does n't sync with google calendar . the one thing it 's supposed to do and it failed .
this app was everything i needed , i loved it . but after thenlast update i can not log in to my account so i can not see my daily schedule . will not trust it again and i have already unistalled it . i need an organizing app which i can trust . fortunately all the events were synced to my google calendar but notes and tasks didnt .. so i dont know if i am forgeting something that is pending now .
have used app for about 4 months now i ca n't get back into it . keeps asking to sign in or create account wo n't let me do either . time to dump it !
i logged in with facebook . i upgraded to the pro version . checked the planner a day later and had to log in again . now it says to upgrade to the pro version again and if i click it , play says i 'm already subscribed to it .
what happened to all those data i had .. not able to log also
at first i really liked it because all the systems are functioning well in my phone .. but when i used this in the tab ... the notifications wont even turn ! ! i sm really pissed by this and i hope you fix this asap
i put an event in and it doubles everyday . fix the glitches this is a great app otherwise .
was a great app ... but could not login .. since last month so ... bye bye planner pro
i really did not like the fact that when i set an exact time for stuff , i can not sort to according to that , so if i want to plan my day , 10 am i have to do a , 11 am i have to do b , i can not sort it by time
the free version comes with ads , and normally i would be okay with that except that it decides to interrupt you seemingly every minute to `` buy the full version now . '' when planning your day , you might have to schedule time to exit out of the constant ad pop-ups .
it was great before , but lately it sends notifications whenever it likes . it does n't notify according to schedule anymore . and now , it does n't notify at all .
keeps telling me my email is invalid when it 's a normal gmail .. wo n't let me sign up
i went on thinking it was easy to put in reminders and stuff but it isn't.you have to buy the full version
does n't go to portrait
would not load
paid for the pro version and itbdoes n't seem to be working properly . appointments are not showing and sometimes double books . contacted support . took several days to get back to me and was still not helpful . app is glitchy . will not be renewing the subscription and going back to the old pencil and paper appointment tracking method . i can not run my business with a faulty appointment app . very disappointing .
norton antivirus reported this as a malicious app , and recommended i uninstall . after paying for the pro version i felt it was very lacking . no portrait mode on tablet , no day mode on phone , no way to adjust the length of a meeting beyond that of the default meeting settings .
i was pretty pleased with the layout and the weekly view on the paid version , but then i started encountering problems . first of all , i used fb to sign up and i logged out of the app , and i can no longer sign in . it stays loading indefinitely . also , on the weekly view it showed the incorrect name for the day and kept changing it . it also changed notifications randomly .
has potential but you got ta pay
the single franklincovey planner feature available is the task abc123 priorities system , but oddly the task status system is missing . no more fc system functionality . as of the rest it 's a very conventional pim suite with a little of crm salt & pepper .
the ui is not attractive , to begin with . text overlap and the fact that the only screen orientation available is landscape immediately turned me off to the app . the layout is not bad and puts all the information right in front of you but it looks as if it was built for windows 98. i certainly was not willing to pay for the full version when the free version was so flawed . i can find better free apps with more functionality than the paid version of this one . it needs some work .
i already had bought the full version and now i have to pay again which is whatever . but furthermore my calendar is missing most of the appointments and recurring events that i had before . i just upgraded my phone to the htc10 from the lg g5 and i have none of my important calendar events now .
this app worked well at first , but it kept altering my entries no matter how many times i changed them . not sure if it 's a problem just with syncing accounts .
suddenly need a subscription ? after i had paid for a full version ? and some of my calendars no longer work with the app ? ? not impressed .
it does not give me the ability to not use 24-hr time format . i 'm not in the military or a factory so i prefer regular time format . does n't matter how many times i uncheck the 24-hr setting , it sticks . fix that and i 'll rate higher and maybe even purchase a yr subscription .
i found this difficult to use due to navigation . love the home screen but its impossible to get back to it . also the nonstop full screen ad to buy the app yearly is so annoying that alone makes it unusable . if you make my free experience terrible why would i want to pay you ? ? ?
it 's supposed to be able to go on multiple devices yet , when i downloaded to my phone after putting it on my tablet it just keeps saying loading . after i spent a lot of time setting it up and plugging in all my appointments for the next month it 's a huge disapointment . should i get fixed i will change rating to a 5-star
i loved this app when i tried the free version , the side tabs and all . it felt like a planner . then i open it up and it must 've updated because the looks changed , no side tabs . so i paid for the pro version to get more out of it . nothing has changes , i go to landscape view and it wo n't scroll . it 's glitch to . i have paid the $ 4.99 and it keeps telling me to upgrade . i 've already paid ! ! ! i emailed you guys and still have n't heard any support a week later . so my advice to you all , keep your $ 5 .
i did like it until you updated and took the good features away . lame ! !
changes and cancellations do not get updated on the widget . secondly it is not possible to scroll between months easily
nice looking app albeit does not seem to sync with google calendar and not cross platform . certainly can not do $ 15/yr .
suddenly with ads and paid content disappeared , synchronization has some issues
it 's useful but it does n't fully sync the events , tasks , and notes between devices . it 's a huge inconvenience . besides that i still love the app .
this is literally just another calendar app . misleading calling it a planner . smh . it 's not even a good calendar . if you 're hunting for a good planning app keep looking because this is definitely not it ! ! !
it 's google calendar with different color scheme
ver y often the application does not open , you sen question and ask what is happening , and you get no replied , , roger j sanchez from miami
loved this app until i updated updated it . gibberish on every day now . it is terrible . like this on my phone and tablet ! ! ! ! ! how do i fix . i depend on this planner ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
not very intuitive . i could n't find a way to switch between week , day , or month views .
notifications stopped working then it deleted all my tasks
it is doing a strange black screen thing , and randomly opens by itself ( other reviews have mentioned this ) and i suspect it is making my phone crash . my phone is crashing several times a day , when i remove the app it stops crashing . i hope there is a fix for this . it works just fine on my tablet , but not my phone . it 's a great app due to its simplicity . i switched to another planner app today and will be requesting a refund .
it used to be a good app until they added the latest update which includes ridiculously annoying ads and frequent crashes .
please fix the widget . it does n't automatically update the day . it always shows yesterdays ' date . constantly having to remove and install widget .
i think i could really like this app . except i upgraded to paid and still have ads and the search function does not search notes . it will be hard to find info saved in notes if you cant search ...
do not pay for upgrade ! ! if you upgrade it just messes the app up . i have to manually change days every morning now . if it were n't for that , it 'd be great . please fix .
i was told to install planner pro instead of planner plus ( which was what i already used ) in order for my cell phone & ipad to sync . i have had at least 5 emails back & forth with the contact person but i still ca n't get my calendars linked using my email address as instructed . i guess i will have to go back to my google calendar . i love the planner plus but need a calendar that syncs to both my cell and ipad .
eh . it 's mediocre and really does n't do anything your calendar app on your phone does n't already do . i liked using the month widget until it just decided , on jan 29 , that the month of february no loger existed . i tried to look ahead to the month of feb to see a preview from the widget but it kept going fron jan to march . the only way to view feb in the widget was to change the date to feb in my phone . just went back to my phone 's calendar app . uninstalling .
after reinstall data not recover while take backup google drive
the interface is great and i love it overall ; however , i 'm giving it two stars because it wo n't synchronize between my samsung phone and ipad , despite being the same account information for each . i emailed their support like about this , and they asked for my login info , but i never heard anything back . this is a huge inconvenience because i put a lot into the version on my ipad , and i dont , and wont , do it twice for the same application . once this is fixed i 'll happily increase the rating .
i would love it if my calendar would sync across by devices . and my tasks & notes synced . its disappointing because i enjoy the simplicity of the format ; its user friendly . but iy does n't work for me since i ca n't sync all devices .
i loved this planner for several years with no issues . all of a sudden i ca n't launch the app or create/edit an event without getting a noisy , intrusive pop-up ads . i will be looking for a new option , possibly even just my stock calendar .
i have been using this for a while and found it to suit my needs well . i wanted something where i could see trasks and appointments in a daily view . this accomplished that goal in an easy to read and navigate format . however , there must have been a recent update that has made the ads ridiculously invasive to the point that i no longer want to use this app . i think i will start checking on alternate options .
free version does not allow you to view all your events in the monthly view . i only see colored dots that indicate an event is scheduled . i would like to see the event names . i contacted support , but sadly did not get a response .
pain . ya have to create an account to access
it sucks : middle_finger : :middle_finger :
this app sucks its slow and they make you pay to make checklists which is ridiculous
i 've had this app for a few years , and it worked well until the last several months - it 's gotten increasingly buggy and will do things like `` forget '' you checked off tasks as completed and re-list them as incomplete between closing and re-opening the app . it also had been freezing more and more frequently , to the point where that happens at least once a day , and now i ca n't even load certain screens . because of this , i will not be renewing my subscription this year and will be using another app .
not what i was looking for , i saw there was a time it would remind me i thought it would work but non of them did so that sucked
loved it ... until the projects feature was going to cost me a yearly fee . honestly , i wanted to try it and see if it works for me so you lost me when you made the features i wanted cost .
wo n't let me use/access weekly view unless i pay $ 7.99 for the year . what a crock . i 'll find another app : waving_hand :
i paid for the subscription but can not use the recurring function . i tried to make a task for monthly use and it does not show up on the other months ahead .
this app was amazing when i first started using it . now it duplicates tasks too much . i have about 20 of the same task for each day and it takes forever for me to delete the extra tasks .
i made several repeating tasks that are supposed to be repeated weekly by the day of the week . they seem to just multiply and now the same 4 tasks will show up 3 times each on a single day . i ca n't edit the original repeating ones , i can only delete them individually on the day they show up several times . this is very annoying . this app was a waste of my money . i paid for the ability to make repeating tasks . i 'm very disappointed .
was fine until the last couple of days when the layout turned squirrelly on my android tablet . seems okay on my smart phone . still , i will not purchase full version unless the version for my tablet goes back to matching the screen layout on my cell .
uninstalled when i saw the app wanted me to pay a subscription fee as ransom for my data , i never will .
i set weekly view in settings and for few days the app worked fine but today i tried to go back to months view and i tried to access settings but when i try to do that the app closes
i just installed this app and it 's always on landscape view . please fix this soon . thank you !
it 's just a skin for google calendar .
when my phone is in tablet mode ( android 7 ) the app will not display in portrait mode . it defaults to landscape mode . pls fix and i 'll change my review .
it 's ok. the free version does the same thing your calender does on your phone .
with so many free calendar apps out there , there 's just nothing in the free version of this one to make you choose it . the only feature that might set it apart from the competition is the project feature , but you have to pay to use it . sure , you have the notes feature , but there are ways to accomplish the same thing in pretty much any other calendar , so i just ca n't see the point . rather than pay for an upgrade to an app that 's just ho-hum ( the view is n't even very customizable ) , i 'll be uninstalling .
i do n't want make an account before trying out the app ! give us a week trial before making us sign up , please .
would like questions answered i email my questions for answers & i give my contact info for almost two months now but no one contacts me . this is very disappointing especially when i bought this app . very poor for business kevin
the app is great for the schedule but the tasks needs work . i should be able to schedule something to repeat every day but it does n't allow for that option . and it does n't always register the repeats . had to pay for the yearly subscription to find out it doesnt even work . stick with the free version . least youre not wasting your money . will have to try something else for my tasks . and the developer does n't care .
i have questions that i would like to have answered and i have emailed numerous times with no reponse back . they say dont write negative reponses to this app without contacting us first . i did email for answers but no one will answer my questions . my questions are not bad for this app but the people behind this app are terrible business people . so this could be a great app but service is terrible . which instead of getting 4 or 5 stars im giving 2 should be 1 but app is good the ones behind the app are bad just want to take peoples money and then laugh at us by not helping
did n't get past not being able to use it in portrait mode . i think i should be able to choose whether i need widespread view as in a spreadsheet or a portrait view to view a page of writing and this does not give me the option . i may end up using it this is only the second app that i have tried for organizing by used to be hand & ink written notebooks .
ads . just too many .
i really wanted to like this app , but it 's just too buggy . sometimes i open the app and it does n't have the icons to switch views . also the 12-hour formatting is really flawed . and the priority scale seems way too complex . high , medium , low should be enough for most people .
this app is a pretty good one , but on my galaxy note , it stopped allowing me to check off tasks for some reason . i paid for the pro version before this happened unfortunately .
i ws kinda disappointed because i really loved the user interface of the app and how smooth it flows from one set up to another . however , i have to uninstall and install it back up several time because it will not accept the 4digit password i have set it up with . i had to do it like 10 times : / but still like the app tho . i hope that bug will be fixed sooner .
ui atrocious ! nothing fits .
app is very buggy ! week view is completely unusable - shows some events twice , and some not at all . also , it would be nice if there was an option , in month view , to see the names of the events without having to click on every day individually . fix this and you 'll get 5 stars , but without that ( especially week view ! ) the app is useless .
is n't thanksgiving and christmas considered a holiday ? ? ? am i wrong ? ? ?
widget is buggy - a task marked as completed in the app is displayed as overdue , and trying to tick it off in the widget takes me into edit mode . the proper app , when reopened , shows a blank inbox and revisiting the screen is required to populate it again . poor punctuation ( eg . `` 28 sep , 2017 ” - why the space before the comma ) is not that big a deal , but also adds to the app not feeling very `` pro '' .
i like the app , but for the past day i have n't got any notifications .
this app is not good if you do n't buy the subscription .
the app worked fine for awhile but all the events i added were simply gone this morning . this was a frustrating experience .
i got locked out of my planner . after entering my paascode the app said that the passcode was wrong . it was not wrong . i suspected a system glitch and contacted the developer on june 17th of this year . i have n't received any response yet . i found my way around this problem by this time . i will not renew my subscription anymore . i will look for another app developer with a better customer service .
why this require this much personal details ?
i cant set my times for events bc theres no am/pm option . it keeps changing my time not allowing me to put the right thing .. annoying
i paid for the pro version because the color coding in the free version did n't work properly . come to find out that the pro version does n't have daily tabs for tasks and notes as the free version does . but the paid version does color code . gaining that feature is n't worth losing the other two . i feel robbed .
it would n't let me in
does n't sync reliably , and that 's one of the most critical features for a calendar app .
it was decent at first , but it stops working completely when i wanted to put a custom time reminder , and it did not sync with my google calendar . i ended up deleting it : /
this app is not free for even a trial , so how am i going to buy it .
i do not use it so i want to cancel the subscription but am unable . jorte had unsubscribe within opening page . unable to sign in .
passcode feature is messed up and locked me out . had to uninstall . yr
i tried to explore it a little after downloading , i want something that will show me everything planned on the day i have notes on rather than me having to search if i do , i tend to forget due to busy schedules . i want automatic pop up , i 'll keep playing with it , but so far dislike
the single franklincovey planner feature available is the task abc123 priorities system , but oddly the task status system is missing . no more fc system functionality . as of the rest it 's a very conventional pim suite with a little of crm salt & pepper .
well , based on the description of this app and what i understood i would receive has not , lived up to its description . i hope the bugs will be worked out . i emailed for help more than 24 hours ago and have not received any response thus far . it would be helpful to have a help and/or faq section to refer to . after only one day of using the app , i have encountered the following : 1. from calendar screen , + button does not give option for project ( only event , task , or note ) . i have the upgraded version . 2. settings , general , start with ... is set for day view , but shows month instead . 3. help & feedback only gives option to email for help . no option to search for help . 4. when deleting an item in a series comma i do not get the option to just delete the one occurrence . am i doing something wrong ? is there any help that i can expect to receive ? i paid $ 4.99 for the upgraded version , and i am not at all happy . busy people with crazy schedules need a reliable app .
i think the free version of the app has some good capabilities , but lacks some functionality that i desire ; functionality that i 'm not sure exists in the paid version due to the lack of support for the product . i was unable to find where i could go to ask questions . thus the 2 star rating
it does n't work well as a calander or any type of memo for me . i also did n't like the type of layout design they made it did n't fit with what the purpose of this app was said to do
used to love this app , but after the update it 's dumb and no longer useful .
the app does not sync with my google calendar and there is no sync option or refresh option . meetings etc are not shown and i have to go back to the google calendar or acalender to make sure i do n't miss anything . events made on my tablet do not show on my phone . please fix this . it 's such a great app if it just worked .
it would be a 5 * review if it were n't yearly payment . put it a one time payment and i 'll be the first one to buy it . this really ruined it for me .
free app is crippled version of paid app costs $ 4.99 a year .
if you want to start a project you have to pay 4.99 a year .
i try signing up , logging in , even with facebook and still wo n't even let me in
unable to create an account despite using email or social media account . ca n't even start trying out the app
this thing is terrible i could n't do anything i wanted
you want me to pay $ 5 for the full version so i can set a task to repeat ? my phone 's planner does that for free .
it has deleted all of my entries planned for today . i am going to try a new app .
task notifications have stopped working .
its still asking me in an ad on the app to upgrade . not cool !
ট্যাবে হরাইজন্টাল , ফোনে ভার্টিকাল। ফলে ট্যাবে লিখতে অসুবিধা হচ্ছে। এবং লগ ইন করতে হয় যেকোন অ্যাকাউন্টে।
wish i can repeat sirten things without spending money every year
i installed because of the option to synch tasks , but that is one of the features that unlocks for $ 4.99/yr . no issues paying it if i liked the feature , but with no chance to try out the one reason i download the app , i uninstalled immediately .
very easy to pull me in i should have stopped , but hindsight is always 20/20 . my friends and people who are interested in google apps for integrated coordination of tasks , meetings , whatever , but what really gets my blood boiling and made me downgraded from 3 stars to 2 stars is the deadweight loss of not being able to either donate the rest of the subscription source capital investment that is just raining still if someone makes to make a donation . is that i 'm still sitting here with this deadweight loss .
its okay
does n't sync with google calendar . the one thing it 's supposed to do and it failed .
used to be good until last update , now i ca n't login to see any of my tasks , appointments , or notes . edit : now works since newest update , but i have lost all previous tasks and notes . very disappointed .
need full version for anything more than a calender
what happened to all those data i had .. not able to log also
have used app for about 4 months now i ca n't get back into it . keeps asking to sign in or create account wo n't let me do either . time to dump it !
was a great app ... but could not login .. since last month so ... bye bye planner pro
it was working ok for a couple of months , then would not let me sign in . funny thing is i do n't remember signing out ! i would simply hit the icon on my android and it would just be there . sure looks like it works for others .
this app was everything i needed , i loved it . but after thenlast update i can not log in to my account so i can not see my daily schedule . will not trust it again and i have already unistalled it . i need an organizing app which i can trust . fortunately all the events were synced to my google calendar but notes and tasks didnt .. so i dont know if i am forgeting something that is pending now .
i logged in with facebook . i upgraded to the pro version . checked the planner a day later and had to log in again . now it says to upgrade to the pro version again and if i click it , play says i 'm already subscribed to it .
every time the company upgrades the app or make any changes , subscribers ca n't access the calendar . sign in page has many issues .
i put an event in and it doubles everyday . fix the glitches this is a great app otherwise .
at first i really liked it because all the systems are functioning well in my phone .. but when i used this in the tab ... the notifications wont even turn ! ! i sm really pissed by this and i hope you fix this asap
i would give this app 5 stars but i am beyond frustrated with how slow it is to open . i pay the subscription for premium , and i love all the options in the app . but it literally takes 5 to 10 minutes for the app to open , unless there is a notification in my notification bar that i can open the app with . this would be annoying even with a free app , but to pay for a slow app that takes ages to open is ridiculous . in the 2 or 3 years that i 've used it this has never been fixed with any upgrade .
really like the app . however it is multiplying my tasks on a daily basis and i cant delete them as fast as they appear ... frustraring not using it right now
good app . however the notification has stopped working .
the app design looks nice , and has good features . this is a functional planner app . i can access the week view in the free version ( though a prompt to upgrade to premium pops up ) , but tasks can not be set as recurring in the free version . this is a main feature i 'm looking for in a planner app . also , the look of the app can not be customized- stuck forever with that purple at the top of the screen . there are other free apps that include these things .
this is hands down the best personal planning app i 've ever come across . that being said , it 's basically unusable on android . the view jumps to the top of the day 's task list at random , making it easy to accidentally check off the wrong task . it takes minutes to load anything when you try to access the rest of the app through the back arrow at the top left . and , on occasion , tasks will duplicate themselves multiple times with different parameters . i use it on my ipad with no trouble at all .
there 's a visible lag when scrolling left or right in day view , even in high end phones . going back from a task edit screen without making any changes also asks ( shows popup ) whether you wish to save or discard changes , that popup is irritating . otherwise an effective and the point app . cheers !
i like how it allows me to set any number of reminders , minutes/hours/days/weeks in advance either by push notification or email . but many little bugs pepper this app . the calendar view will bug out and not map to the selected month from time to time . the location field tries to be smart by giving you a 'maps like ' autocomplete , but this is annoying when you just want 'gym ' . for some reason the first letter of an event name is n't registered by autocorrect , so 'event ' turns to 'venting ' .
i have the app on my phone and my ipad and they do not communicate . everything that i input on my phone , i have to re-input on my ipad . i 'm signed into the same account on both . it would be nice if they would communicate . also , i do n't understand why the computer app is available separately and for a much more expensive price ...
bought the planner pro .... love the app ... the down side is that the app did not sync ... i have 2 device handphone and tablet both android ... i have to update both device twice instead of once ... would give 4 or 5 star if it can sync between both device . i have some suggestion ... maybe can input some bill tracker and some cute icon or pill tracker/ hydration icon .
i love this app , it 's the only one that looks and feels like the old franklin planner , however ; since the latest update i have a banner ad on the bottom of the screen with google ads and i am a paid pro user . this is extremely annoying . if they do n't remove this , i 'm leaving .
i need more time with your app . i 'm looking for an organizing app to meet the needs of me and my gaming community to be able to cross schedule events share valuable information w/aarach . while i know that was never your vision i am impressed with the very easy to use ui , but have not figured out if u can share projects notes calandars ect . i cam see your app meeting a very large need in a community the desperately needs an easy way to collaborate . adding a group 's feature to cross plan 5 stars
like the concept but tech support can not get rid of ads and popups . tried over several months but they are gone a short while then return . the response lag and language issues are frustrating . this changed my review and i removed the app
great app ! intuitive navigation , easy to use . nice integration with other apps . what 's up with the lavender color designation ? ! i did n't think that lavender would look turquoise .
useful app , interface are easy to use , would be better if you could add search function , so we dont have to comb thru everything to find what we are looking for .
i like this app but the ads are getting aggravating . especially the trump ads . i 'd prefer not to see him on my phone . thank you very much
it 's actually good but it does n't have a feature where your task appears on your lockscreen that will remind you everytime you forgot something to do .
landscape mode only ? big problem . cant make it portrait on my kindle fire 8
i found this app to be redundant , since i already have a calendar on my phone , and planner pro does little else .
app is extremely useful just that the `` search '' feature does n't cover all the notes in the app
there are ads even though there wasnt any label of `` contains ads '' in this app description
like everything about the app except , my events kept disappearing . i would enter an event and one would disappear .
why wo n't my homescreen widget display all day events ? this makes it really difficult to use
does not update tasks in widget automatically
it works it just hard
not able to sync with outlook . can not create goals with a goal tracker , or export calendar events , tasks , or notes , and only accessible through phone and tablet . much improvements needed for such a high subscription rate .
it 's good but since we always have more than 1 thing to do we write three or more things to do and when we go to priorities ex : c1 a4 b2 etc ; we would n't know which to do so we suggest you have more of those .thanks .
would be awesome except when i put start in weekly view in the settings , i can no longer access monthly view or change the settings ...
been using for a while now . getting buggy , needs update
i like this app very much , because it 's fairly easy to use and it allows for actual ring tones to be used ; not just notification tones ) . however , my biggest issues are that i can not receive any notifications from the planner if the event was created on my phone 's calendar ( i 'm assuming this is the issue since only half , or less than half , of my total events and tasks do not sound ) . it also will not sound when i have reminders set for many different times . it 's original default reminder is 15 minutes before the event time , but i changed it to be on time and then i would make other reminders if need be . it will only sound at 15 minutes before the event time , no matter what i tell it to do .
i downloaded this app on my tablet long time ago ( full version ) and recently also downloaded it on my phone as i do n't bring my tablet with me all the time . i only use the `` task '' function , because my calendar events do not sync properly ( i have n't fpnd the sync button on my phone ... ) and another not so funny thing for me : i am using the same account for both devices , but i ca n't use the full version on my phone ( i get a message that i need to buy it ( ? ? ? ) ... ) that 's why i need to use my tablet ( with the full version on it ) if i want to add something .
love the app and bought the full version in february , but recently it quit syncing between my phone and my tablet . i emailed support about the issue on june 2. the tasks are syncing now , but calendar items still are not syncing . wish they would fix the issue !
forever landscape ? why ca n't i ever get this app to rotate to portrait mode ? it 's never been able to do this , even after downloading it on other phones . way too annoying to have to deal with for me to deem it a useful app , at least for me .
great app , but it keeps deleting the events ( birthdays , etc . ) that i put in it ! i 've never had this problem before , please do something ! this is my go-to calendar app , and i 'd hate to have to find a different one !
nice layout , but it will not sync repaired events between my tablet and phone . i contacted tech support but they were unresponsive and not helpful . i do not recommend .
task repeat options are garbage . for basic things it 's ok , but do n't expect more than that .
overall great organization tool , however recent updates make the application only usable in horizontal view which is extremely annoying and quite an inconvenience
this app is easy to use but my biggest issue is that when i add notes or check off tasks when off line they dont save
i liked the app well enough to pay for it so i could get my recurring items in order with it but when i set a task as recurring it only shows up on the day that i started with .
i like it but when i put my pass code in to access it , i goes through but then it says your password has been changed please sign in , but i have to hit the back button on my phone to ignore it so it does n't make me sign in again , but when i do hit ok for it to let me sign in again , my password is n't there , it 's still locked but i do n't know the password .
plz help , it says m typing wrong passcode , it is not opening with my old passcode
it worked great to start with but now i 'm not getting task notifications and some of my events are not showing up on my calendar widget
guys , excellent app . bad financial model . prepared to pay . reluctant about subscription model . unfortunately , uninstall .
i love this app , but it sucks that i can only use it on my phone . i 'd give it a 5 if i could a ) use a desktop version of the app as well ; b ) sync tasks with wunderlist ; and c ) sync reminders from google calendar as tasks on planner pro .
the aap good but not some updates are required , such as - in notes section add photo upload option , add journal option ,
it have future if they make notes can be organize by category , tasks can create sub task and fix bug when samsung dex enabled
i 'll like it more if i can the way i view this apps , difficult for me to type in landscape position
so so . i expected the ability to attach files to notes and a lot more flexibility with format .
the event didnt sync to my other device
just downloaded this app ..... not sure what i think of it at the moment ..... cant seem to find where you can use colours like the pictures
it says i changed my password and now ca n't get in calendar what can i do to fix problems
loved it except that it would n't save and show me all of my events
it 's fairly easy to use , however the alarm does n't work
it 's a nice app . it make my life displined
i 'm using this app for work for due diligence . when i first installed the app i was sure i could `` search '' my notes for key words now i ca n't . am i doing something wrong or is that function not available on this app ?
good app that i can use for putting all my appointments in . one problem is that the notifications i set to make sure it reminds me do n't go off at all . ( i have a droid turbo 2 ) . if you guys could fix that . i will change to 5 stars .
hello developers , can you please help ? i put a passcode on the app and now it wo n't let me access the calender . it keeps telling me that my passcode is incorrect when i know i put it in correctly . please fix this
how can i take the notes i have made and copy them over to my laptop . i have looked to see where the notes save to but ca n't seem to find them anywhere . please help me
it does not have the ending time of an event
no matter what i do , even setting 'no notifications ' when creating event or task ; they continually pop up . not happy with this feature .
it does n't work well for repeated scheduling of regular tasks . i have tried selecting every week or every 7 days and repeat either does not work at all or shows up only for the same day monthly not weekly .
i love the app except that the widget does not remember customizations ( such as default calendar , not using 24 hour time ) . if this could be more flexible and keep the settings of the apps i would definitely rate five stars . it 's helped save time having multiple uses for one app but i need the widget compatibility
i love it so far but is it usable over multiple devices ? i am currently using it on my tablet and downloaded the app to my phone but when i try to sign in it says it ca n't find my email address .
the app no longer notifies me of my tasks ! ! ! please fix
try
i purchased the paid version and i 'm sort of disappointed . every time i enter a task it adds the first letter of the first word over again so i have to change it each time ( i.e . it will autocorrect to eevery instead of every ) . it is also kind of laggy . it could be a great app , but not as is .
i had several recurring events to keep track of my week , but after the update , they disappeared .
not being able to view my list of things to do or to get .
this planner app is pretty clear and simple . i have the paid version and it works ok except today they had a glitch and i lost everything even when i reinstalled . it was just so screwed up ! so if you do n't mind losing all of your work when they update ... i guess it 's survivable .
it 's really unresponsive . i have to tap 3 times so something opens or to check a box or anything .. too bad , i really liked it but this is too annoying .
the app is making me sign in to an account but wo n't let me sign in . frustrated !
troublesome widget organization . when i tap a date it opens app to date previously open not new date needed . very time consuming and creates booking mistakes when not careful .
add ability to have a dark theme .
love it , but it has some major flaws : ( 1 ) ca n't personalize theme . ( 2 ) ca n't configurate widgets ' toolbars & what details are displayed . ( 3 ) the widget 's size is too wide—max 4x ? . would love it if it were more flexible . ( 4 ) you can not sort the notes on one day to be listed in alphabetical order on the day widget ; it will always be sorted by time . ( 5 ) the app malfunctions when you place two widgets on the home screen . ( 6 ) app stops working a lot for seemingly no reason .
ca n't make calls from the app by clicking on the phone number like google calendar
this application was exactly what i needed when i first started to use it . now there are a handful or problems- events are appearing twice , events get deleted or not appearing at all after being saved , deleting one event and the reoccurring events get deleted , and not appearing on the selected reoccurring days . very annoying .
i just got the app , but i can barely use it because every time i click on something it redirects me to a page that asks me to upgrade for $ 4.99/yr . if it would just let me use the free version i might actually like it .
the app would be nice and work well if it wasnt for this 1 issue but its a pretty big issue as far as daily planners go ... it only shows half of a clock or calender in the create event/task subscreen meaning i can not select any times that would fall on the right hand side of the clock or i can not select a `` due by '' date for tasks because the right side of the calender is missing ... i would already own the full version if it wasnt for this problem
pro version and it still wo n't handle the recurring tasks smoothly . please fix it , i 've restarted my phone several times and still nothing .
not a bad app pretty good , got a few things organized with it .
crashing a lot after update
fix the widget bugs please
any chance of getting a widget for the calendar ? ? ? ? ?
it 's alright .
уууу
overall good . a search feature would be great for notes . thanks
trying to sync my calendar with both my phone and tablet , and any notes and/or tasks are not syncing between my devices . having to duplicate these items is very frustrating .
have to go premium to have more features .
enjoyed it 's use while it lasted . uninstalled now .
why did you show the checkboxes in widget when you ca n't even check/uncheck it via the widget ? its just so frustrating to go to the app just to check a list . other than that , this app is good .
i use it mainly for its widgets . one thing though : please fix the widgets so that the they show the current date and do n't stay put on the previous day unless manually changed .
it is an ok app as far as personal entries are concerned and the connected functions of name , time and place . can not count on it to keep you informed about set calender events though as they are set default in 2014. mothers day was on the 8th ; 2nd sunday in may this year ; not wednesday the 11th . they can thank my wife for keeping me informed . it is a scheduling app and if the default events are wrong as well as uneditable how confusing will your scheduling be ? keep an accurate calendar handy .
love this planner . but whenever i use the repeat function , i cant just edit 1 event . i have to edit the rest of the events that are linked together too . would be great if i 'm able to edit jus 1 event even when im using the repeat function . would also be great if there 's a copy and paste of events function ! would make things really easier ! : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
a bit disappointed , bought a new phone and re-download ed the app , would not bring my calander in from my old phone and asking me to repay for the full version .
it doesnt update between your calanders . i need a planner that stays up to date with my calendar changes . this is not it . waste of money .
why would i pay money to have recurring events in a planner . i think i 'll stick with my default calander app
needs to give you the option of adding pictures when note taking . if it had this option would be excellent , otherwise not a bad app .
the only thing not working is the reminder .. i 'm using huawei mate8 .. can somebody help me how ?
i love it . but too expensive .
but i miss the hourly blocks , made it easy to sceduale my work hours .
bills ,
would n't it be great if this app had also alerts instead of just notifications ? it 's easy to miss a notofication . also , why ca n't we edit a specific day for a repeated event , but we have to edit also all future events or nothing ?
i prefer to use apps in portrait mode on my 7 inch phone/tablet ( huawei mediapad x2 , 1920 * 1200 ) . when the keyboard pops up while adding a task , i can barely see what i 'm typing because the screen height is greatly reduced in landscape .
if you ca n't add subtasks ? everything else in the app is quite impressive except this , i added a project and it disappeared from my projects tab , and i could n't add any subtasks to it .. so it is indistinguishable from a regular task .
i really liked it at first but it keeps turning on the alarm for my events even though i pressed no alarm i do n't know how many times : (
setting up late events ( past 11pm ) is literally impossible . start and end times/days will shift randomly when i make a change to the other . whenever i do manage to get both right , i get a `` same time '' error even though clearly the start and end times are different .
my calender does not sync with this app ? how can i get it to work . it 's great otherwise . how do i sync all my calenders with the he app ?
its pretty neat , but the feedback on the paid app is pretty poor ...
could be better on samsung s6 , not showing reminders on screen , have to open the same as a diary ....
needs more features but i just started using it so i 'll let u know specifics soon
font is too small . you have to open it up each time you want to glance at your appointments .
just getting used to it but so far not bad
hodtf coder jbikhkhkm kvukb
will update down the road
do n't have option for windows surface pro
sometimes quits as it starts
it 's ok , but it needs more features
nice app .
when i goto monthly view press the date the event is on , the previous date shows up . sometimes i am able to scroll forward to the date i am looking for , but mostly not . ( for example i scroll april 24th and april 23rd shows up ) . i like the design of the app , would like to see yearly view . i also ca n't see events i posted unless i rotate the phone . but it works for tasks and notes tabs fine ?
the only problem i have come across so far is , the day calendar does not change automatically . in order to get the current date on the day calendar is to go to the month calendar and select today 's date . that said , the program and ui is better than the pre-installed calendar program .
i am running this app on a droid turbo with stock lollipop installed . the app has a very nice layout but unfortunately i find it to be very buggy . it is impossible to create an event that includes monday and the app ca n't import recurring events from google calendar . i have reported these to the developers and hope the app is cleaned up soon .
everytime i wanted to swap between month /day it lags so much .. if only it was smooth then i am very excited with the app .. i am using lenovo a7-3000
it 's not syncing right with my gmail . my recurring events are all messed up but , are right on my gmail ..... deciding whether to keep it or not .
when i 'm entering birthdays , i have to enter on the day after , or it shows up the day before ! ! i have one birthday permanently hooked to a holiday , and i ca n't edit it . fix this , please .
at times it does n't even buzz or come up on my phone that i had a task to complete . i 'm not sure if this is just my phone though .
ive downloaded all the calendar apps out there , and i like this one the most ... however , it needs to show the text on the widget not just a dot ... such a bummer because i thought i found the one .. please fix this ... youre so close to being the goto app for calenders for the switch off of the stock android calender ... eagerly awaiting the update ... 5 stars and a great review once you do it !
quite good , but the week widget is , imho , absolutely wrong - the order of the weekdays should be first vertical then horisontal , i.e . tuesday under monday , not to the right !
i have appointments on the internal calendar that do n't show on here . this includes new ones and ones i made months ago . no point in using this if i have to check another app to find all of my appointments .
can not see events on calender , only dots . need prettier colors/themes for women .
widget stopped showing the correct day which makes it pretty much useless which sucks because it was the easiest way to use the app for me .. please fix ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
by how clean & sleek it is . only efficient and pretty planner out there ! but the task widget doesnt update at all : ( ( ( ( (
it 's useful , but the recurring task feature is a pain in the free version .
yes at first attempt it look user friendly . i am pleased ! ! good app
how do you email your tasks on it how do you sync it with the google calendar
notes and tasks are appearing twice
hvn try
good
not bad
i like the layout and it looks promising but i have at least 20 google subcalendars so i can color code things and keep them separate and it can , at best , display part of 1. no google tasks show up at all . i could be doing something wrong but there are very few options . and , everytime i go to the app , it reverts to the wrong google account on my tab .
i have n't been using this very long and it 's not as user friendly as the calender that came on my last phone . i wish instead of dots you can just see what you have entered for that day immediately without tapping on that day . otherwise it is easy to use and functional .
planner isnt saving all day events . you can see an event is there in month view but when you open that day the event does not show .
i wanted this for my tablet , and like the features , like tasks , a calendar etc , but i 'm disappointed . it is locked on landscape position instead of allowing it to rotate to portrait position . if they fixed that one detail it would be a winner for me
still lags on my kitkat version
only events sync .... would have to uninstall
app has kept organization relatively simple the past several weeks .. i have no prob giving this 5☆ , except having issue on my tablet viewing monthly calendar ( off-center ) .. i find myself going back & forth btwn tablet & phone .. if this is a settings issue that can be resolved , pls advise .. overall , i think the app could help many out there ..
it works great , i love the simplicity and ease of use . but there seems to be a glitch ; there are dots on days where i have no events or tasks listed . i ca n't get rid of them , and they are not linked to my google calender , either . : (
it takes me about 2-3 seconds to switch between events and tasks tabs . can you make it faster somehow ? p.s . app is great , just what i need - schedule and to-do list in one !
i wanted to try out and see how it suits me , but when i was adjusting the start and end of the day , it appears that the end of the day is not beyond 2400. ppl like me who sleep in the middle of the morning bcos of work tends to end work like 2 or 3am . especially across different timezones . if that 's fixed , i would be glad to pay for the app .
beautiful app ... l love the functionality and look ... however , it wo n't sync with my android phone . ( l use it on my samsung galaxy 10.1 ) unfortunately , this shortcoming really affects me , since l now have to enter everything twice : once on my tablet , then again on my phone .
i currently use wunderlist to organize all my tasks . it would be nice to have integration with their software because g tasks is so bare bones . also , because of the limitations of the free software , i ca n't tell if the full version would integrate into my workflow because this app prohibits use of projects .
i like this app actually purchased the plus version , but i 'm have n't seen any notifications . the purpose of using a scheduling app is to receive reminders of your appts or pending tasks .
i like this app . always wanted a planner . only problem is when i try to click on the tabs on the side its very sensitive . takes me forever to click it , it disappears .
needed : sync tasks . color code events . and for goodness ' sake , speed up ! this is extremely slow .
the app is great for organizing and planning , however the constantly crashing gets old really fast . please fix this . otherwise the app would be perfect !
this app seemed to have almost everything i needed for task listing ; i like that it allows you to mark tasks as `` in progress '' , and have subtasks , etc . but i missed a very important meeting because it did n't synch from my google calendar even though i had refreshed multiple times . i would n't rely on this as your only planner , have another app for your calendar also .
overnight events ( ie 8pm-4am ) show up as all day events in the calendar . if they are repeating , then two all day events are shown . need to fix this asap !
it could be absolutely great ... except my widget is blank when it should n't be and my notifications do n't work . however , i love this app and think a lot of hard work went into it
great app for the most part . would be nice if each project a person could list goals till completion as well as being able to have a separate tasks list . one for home versus one for work .
for me it 's hard to use it and time taker
really like this app , keeps crashing ... fix that , 5 *
need ui refresh though , widgets need to show text on a month view , theming ... etc
nice planner but you should n't have to pay to have `` week '' view . i may not purchase now .
i wish it would sync , so i could use it on all devices
it 's ok for now havent really done much with the app yet
kinda complicated . still not used to it . i love the widgets though .
carry forward of task is amazing strength of the app . liked it ! !
alarms are singular and not like an alarm clock ...
does not sync with google
it does the job
i try to write somthing and it exits
it is a fine app !
govind
nice app
good app
please use the app the widget , and see for yourself if ur comfortable with it . compare it with s planner .
i love this would be 5 stars , but i have a few complaints . first off , i like that it syncs with google calendar . i wish that it would sync with svoice too . that away i can see my tasks list and notes for the day using svoice . also it would be nice if i dont complete a task for that day that instead of having to delete it , i could move it to another day . those would be some great features . thanks
nice app but it keeps crashing on my samsung galaxy s6 . also reminders do n't pop up well when phone is locked or offer good snooze options . going to have to uninstall if crashing not fixed
only 24hr option ? no 12. would be cool if you could color code the circles in the calendar date to that calendar that has an event for that day .
i do n't know why , but it does n't open ... i click on it then i wait and at the end it notifies that the app has stopped .
needs a setting to repeat the task
you need to improve the responsiveness to the touch .
this planner has a beautiful ui but lacks the ability to sync tasks .... anywhere ! plus the tasks need to be able to mark as completed from the widget . in any case , i use my planner to keep track of it all , i may lose my phone , then what ? i wo n't know what to do out where to go . tasks need to sync , and not with purple planner , with google .
this could be the best planner app out there . but there are some questions i 've not had answered ( because inquiries to the developer were unanswered ) such as ... can tasks be set to repeat ie , daily , weekly , etc . maybe that is in the paid version , i do n't know . the tasks are separated and i 'm not sure i can see all of them at the same time . i 'd also like to know if it can sync between android ( note 4 ) and ipad . for now i am using opus domini on ios , but it is unavailable on android . still searching
i love this app enough that i purchased the upgrade , but it is not syncing my samsung devices to my dropbox account . would be 5 stars if it did !
this app is well designed but until i can share or delegate individual tasks , i wo n't buy pro or even use the free . please add this ! it needs to sync with google tasks too .
seems pretty good , but would like to know if there is a way to toggle between 12/24 hour time .
need to be able to repeat tasks . if it had that , i 'd be my new calendar .
love the idea of the app but it 's missing a key feature that i need in order to use it . undated tasks should have the option of showing up every day ( under tasks from the calendar/day view ) until completed . if that is n't possible , at least a `` view all '' tasks function would be helpful .
good
just ok
requesting for a dark interface and when will the google task integration come ? ? ?
the reviews are sending a clear message to you . act on them . i think the last update has messed everyone up . if you do n't act ; you 're sending a message back : ie . you meant to mess everyone up by locking them out
i input my appointments and it does not ring loud enough or pop up to let me know that i have an appt . i have the paid version . am i doing something wrong . if my appt is at 11:00 do i have to input at 12:00 to get it to ring before 11 : screwy lewy . i will change my comments and rating once i get this resolved .
there 's nothing wrong with this app , although it could be slightly better , but .... it 's just like google calendar . in fact , it 's integrated with google calendar , and all your events show up in gc . even the selections of colors in association to events and how you input information is the same . if you 're an android user , go ahead and just use the built in google calendar , if not your samsung/htc/whatever one . i have near stock android , so i get google . same difference , really .
i used to love the app ... until i needed to synchronise to see my tasks to another device , then i found out syncing simply wo n't work and uninstalling/reinstalling did n't solve the issue .
did n't realize this synced to my outlook calendar , started deleting work stuff and deleted two important appointments from my work calender . i 'm screwed on those , was planning on using this for personal use only .
i bought the allegedly better version it worked for about a month . i had all my scheduled stuff about 6 months and all of a sudden the disappeared which sucks .
when i tried putting inmy class scheduel they kept vanishing when i add notes to a specific date . it might work fine if you do n't need many events , but it 's a pain if you have a lot to keep track of
i would stick to this if only the event preview text is not cropped .
i bought this because it has a really design and features , but i to uninstall it because it 's slow loading . it 's lagging .
i started playing with it and it freezes often and i do n't like how my notes have to be on that day and not just by themselves .
really like the app . however it is multiplying my tasks on a daily basis and i cant delete them as fast as they appear ... frustraring not using it right now
good app . however the notification has stopped working .
the app design looks nice , and has good features . this is a functional planner app . i can access the week view in the free version ( though a prompt to upgrade to premium pops up ) , but tasks can not be set as recurring in the free version . this is a main feature i 'm looking for in a planner app . also , the look of the app can not be customized- stuck forever with that purple at the top of the screen . there are other free apps that include these things .
i would give this app 5 stars but i am beyond frustrated with how slow it is to open . i pay the subscription for premium , and i love all the options in the app . but it literally takes 5 to 10 minutes for the app to open , unless there is a notification in my notification bar that i can open the app with . this would be annoying even with a free app , but to pay for a slow app that takes ages to open is ridiculous . in the 2 or 3 years that i 've used it this has never been fixed with any upgrade .
g o o d
this is hands down the best personal planning app i 've ever come across . that being said , it 's basically unusable on android . the view jumps to the top of the day 's task list at random , making it easy to accidentally check off the wrong task . it takes minutes to load anything when you try to access the rest of the app through the back arrow at the top left . and , on occasion , tasks will duplicate themselves multiple times with different parameters . i use it on my ipad with no trouble at all .
app is extremely useful just that the `` search '' feature does n't cover all the notes in the app
great app ! intuitive navigation , easy to use . nice integration with other apps . what 's up with the lavender color designation ? ! i did n't think that lavender would look turquoise .
useful app , interface are easy to use , would be better if you could add search function , so we dont have to comb thru everything to find what we are looking for .
i like how it allows me to set any number of reminders , minutes/hours/days/weeks in advance either by push notification or email . but many little bugs pepper this app . the calendar view will bug out and not map to the selected month from time to time . the location field tries to be smart by giving you a 'maps like ' autocomplete , but this is annoying when you just want 'gym ' . for some reason the first letter of an event name is n't registered by autocorrect , so 'event ' turns to 'venting ' .
it 's actually good but it does n't have a feature where your task appears on your lockscreen that will remind you everytime you forgot something to do .
does not update tasks in widget automatically
i need more time with your app . i 'm looking for an organizing app to meet the needs of me and my gaming community to be able to cross schedule events share valuable information w/aarach . while i know that was never your vision i am impressed with the very easy to use ui , but have not figured out if u can share projects notes calandars ect . i cam see your app meeting a very large need in a community the desperately needs an easy way to collaborate . adding a group 's feature to cross plan 5 stars
bought the planner pro .... love the app ... the down side is that the app did not sync ... i have 2 device handphone and tablet both android ... i have to update both device twice instead of once ... would give 4 or 5 star if it can sync between both device . i have some suggestion ... maybe can input some bill tracker and some cute icon or pill tracker/ hydration icon .
landscape mode only ? big problem . cant make it portrait on my kindle fire 8
why wo n't my homescreen widget display all day events ? this makes it really difficult to use
like the concept but tech support can not get rid of ads and popups . tried over several months but they are gone a short while then return . the response lag and language issues are frustrating . this changed my review and i removed the app
i love this app , it 's the only one that looks and feels like the old franklin planner , however ; since the latest update i have a banner ad on the bottom of the screen with google ads and i am a paid pro user . this is extremely annoying . if they do n't remove this , i 'm leaving .
i like this app but the ads are getting aggravating . especially the trump ads . i 'd prefer not to see him on my phone . thank you very much
i found this app to be redundant , since i already have a calendar on my phone , and planner pro does little else .
there are ads even though there wasnt any label of `` contains ads '' in this app description
it works it just hard
like everything about the app except , my events kept disappearing . i would enter an event and one would disappear .
i have the app on my phone and my ipad and they do not communicate . everything that i input on my phone , i have to re-input on my ipad . i 'm signed into the same account on both . it would be nice if they would communicate . also , i do n't understand why the computer app is available separately and for a much more expensive price ...
there 's a visible lag when scrolling left or right in day view , even in high end phones . going back from a task edit screen without making any changes also asks ( shows popup ) whether you wish to save or discard changes , that popup is irritating . otherwise an effective and the point app . cheers !
good
not able to sync with outlook . can not create goals with a goal tracker , or export calendar events , tasks , or notes , and only accessible through phone and tablet . much improvements needed for such a high subscription rate .
it 's good but since we always have more than 1 thing to do we write three or more things to do and when we go to priorities ex : c1 a4 b2 etc ; we would n't know which to do so we suggest you have more of those .thanks .
it 's a nice app . it make my life displined
been using for a while now . getting buggy , needs update
would be awesome except when i put start in weekly view in the settings , i can no longer access monthly view or change the settings ...
did n't realize this synced to my outlook calendar , started deleting work stuff and deleted two important appointments from my work calender . i 'm screwed on those , was planning on using this for personal use only .
nyc
when i tried putting inmy class scheduel they kept vanishing when i add notes to a specific date . it might work fine if you do n't need many events , but it 's a pain if you have a lot to keep track of
it have future if they make notes can be organize by category , tasks can create sub task and fix bug when samsung dex enabled
i downloaded this app on my tablet long time ago ( full version ) and recently also downloaded it on my phone as i do n't bring my tablet with me all the time . i only use the `` task '' function , because my calendar events do not sync properly ( i have n't fpnd the sync button on my phone ... ) and another not so funny thing for me : i am using the same account for both devices , but i ca n't use the full version on my phone ( i get a message that i need to buy it ( ? ? ? ) ... ) that 's why i need to use my tablet ( with the full version on it ) if i want to add something .
i love this app , but it sucks that i can only use it on my phone . i 'd give it a 5 if i could a ) use a desktop version of the app as well ; b ) sync tasks with wunderlist ; and c ) sync reminders from google calendar as tasks on planner pro .
great app , but it keeps deleting the events ( birthdays , etc . ) that i put in it ! i 've never had this problem before , please do something ! this is my go-to calendar app , and i 'd hate to have to find a different one !
wo n't do recurring tasks . does not connect to gtasks as shown in the cover photo . has n't been updated in a long time
it is ok
guys , excellent app . bad financial model . prepared to pay . reluctant about subscription model . unfortunately , uninstall .
cant wait to try it
loved it except that it would n't save and show me all of my events
just downloaded this app ..... not sure what i think of it at the moment ..... cant seem to find where you can use colours like the pictures
it says i changed my password and now ca n't get in calendar what can i do to fix problems
i like it but when i put my pass code in to access it , i goes through but then it says your password has been changed please sign in , but i have to hit the back button on my phone to ignore it so it does n't make me sign in again , but when i do hit ok for it to let me sign in again , my password is n't there , it 's still locked but i do n't know the password .
i 'll like it more if i can the way i view this apps , difficult for me to type in landscape position
so so . i expected the ability to attach files to notes and a lot more flexibility with format .
plz help , it says m typing wrong passcode , it is not opening with my old passcode
the aap good but not some updates are required , such as - in notes section add photo upload option , add journal option ,
nice layout , but it will not sync repaired events between my tablet and phone . i contacted tech support but they were unresponsive and not helpful . i do not recommend .
forever landscape ? why ca n't i ever get this app to rotate to portrait mode ? it 's never been able to do this , even after downloading it on other phones . way too annoying to have to deal with for me to deem it a useful app , at least for me .
it 's fairly easy to use , however the alarm does n't work
overall great organization tool , however recent updates make the application only usable in horizontal view which is extremely annoying and quite an inconvenience
the event didnt sync to my other device
love the app and bought the full version in february , but recently it quit syncing between my phone and my tablet . i emailed support about the issue on june 2. the tasks are syncing now , but calendar items still are not syncing . wish they would fix the issue !
good
this app is easy to use but my biggest issue is that when i add notes or check off tasks when off line they dont save
i liked the app and it looked like it had a good set of features , but i did n't like the $ 4.99/year recurring subscription fee .
task repeat options are garbage . for basic things it 's ok , but do n't expect more than that .
helpful but not too much
i liked the app well enough to pay for it so i could get my recurring items in order with it but when i set a task as recurring it only shows up on the day that i started with .
great : )
it worked great to start with but now i 'm not getting task notifications and some of my events are not showing up on my calendar widget
i like this app very much , because it 's fairly easy to use and it allows for actual ring tones to be used ; not just notification tones ) . however , my biggest issues are that i can not receive any notifications from the planner if the event was created on my phone 's calendar ( i 'm assuming this is the issue since only half , or less than half , of my total events and tasks do not sound ) . it also will not sound when i have reminders set for many different times . it 's original default reminder is 15 minutes before the event time , but i changed it to be on time and then i would make other reminders if need be . it will only sound at 15 minutes before the event time , no matter what i tell it to do .
i 'm using this app for work for due diligence . when i first installed the app i was sure i could `` search '' my notes for key words now i ca n't . am i doing something wrong or is that function not available on this app ?
it does not have the ending time of an event
how can i take the notes i have made and copy them over to my laptop . i have looked to see where the notes save to but ca n't seem to find them anywhere . please help me
whenever i open it i have to turn my phone sideways because it 's locked in horizontal , even after i turn on auto rotate
good app that i can use for putting all my appointments in . one problem is that the notifications i set to make sure it reminds me do n't go off at all . ( i have a droid turbo 2 ) . if you guys could fix that . i will change to 5 stars .
hello developers , can you please help ? i put a passcode on the app and now it wo n't let me access the calender . it keeps telling me that my passcode is incorrect when i know i put it in correctly . please fix this
no matter what i do , even setting 'no notifications ' when creating event or task ; they continually pop up . not happy with this feature .
a good app overall but the new version no longer shows the duration of events which is extremely annoying and a deal breaker for me .
i love the app except that the widget does not remember customizations ( such as default calendar , not using 24 hour time ) . if this could be more flexible and keep the settings of the apps i would definitely rate five stars . it 's helped save time having multiple uses for one app but i need the widget compatibility
the app no longer notifies me of my tasks ! ! ! please fix
it does n't work well for repeated scheduling of regular tasks . i have tried selecting every week or every 7 days and repeat either does not work at all or shows up only for the same day monthly not weekly .
i love it so far but is it usable over multiple devices ? i am currently using it on my tablet and downloaded the app to my phone but when i try to sign in it says it ca n't find my email address .
try
its ok
not being able to view my list of things to do or to get .
setting up late events ( past 11pm ) is literally impossible . start and end times/days will shift randomly when i make a change to the other . whenever i do manage to get both right , i get a `` same time '' error even though clearly the start and end times are different .
i had several recurring events to keep track of my week , but after the update , they disappeared .
good design , but it 's not exactly free if you have to pay for basic features , like reoccurring events .
i purchased the paid version and i 'm sort of disappointed . every time i enter a task it adds the first letter of the first word over again so i have to change it each time ( i.e . it will autocorrect to eevery instead of every ) . it is also kind of laggy . it could be a great app , but not as is .
i suggest you add a `` deadline '' button instead of just tasks and events .. personally that 's the only reason i dont use it .. is the classifications are n't enough ..
needed : sync tasks . color code events . and for goodness ' sake , speed up ! this is extremely slow .
it 's really unresponsive . i have to tap 3 times so something opens or to check a box or anything .. too bad , i really liked it but this is too annoying .
the app is making me sign in to an account but wo n't let me sign in . frustrated !
the reviews are sending a clear message to you . act on them . i think the last update has messed everyone up . if you do n't act ; you 're sending a message back : ie . you meant to mess everyone up by locking them out
this planner app is pretty clear and simple . i have the paid version and it works ok except today they had a glitch and i lost everything even when i reinstalled . it was just so screwed up ! so if you do n't mind losing all of your work when they update ... i guess it 's survivable .
add ability to have a dark theme .
troublesome widget organization . when i tap a date it opens app to date previously open not new date needed . very time consuming and creates booking mistakes when not careful .
love it , but it has some major flaws : ( 1 ) ca n't personalize theme . ( 2 ) ca n't configurate widgets ' toolbars & what details are displayed . ( 3 ) the widget 's size is too wide—max 4x ? . would love it if it were more flexible . ( 4 ) you can not sort the notes on one day to be listed in alphabetical order on the day widget ; it will always be sorted by time . ( 5 ) the app malfunctions when you place two widgets on the home screen . ( 6 ) app stops working a lot for seemingly no reason .
enjoyed it 's use while it lasted . uninstalled now .
ca n't make calls from the app by clicking on the phone number like google calendar
pro version and it still wo n't handle the recurring tasks smoothly . please fix it , i 've restarted my phone several times and still nothing .
the app would be nice and work well if it wasnt for this 1 issue but its a pretty big issue as far as daily planners go ... it only shows half of a clock or calender in the create event/task subscreen meaning i can not select any times that would fall on the right hand side of the clock or i can not select a `` due by '' date for tasks because the right side of the calender is missing ... i would already own the full version if it wasnt for this problem
crashing a lot after update
уууу
i just got the app , but i can barely use it because every time i click on something it redirects me to a page that asks me to upgrade for $ 4.99/yr . if it would just let me use the free version i might actually like it .
this application was exactly what i needed when i first started to use it . now there are a handful or problems- events are appearing twice , events get deleted or not appearing at all after being saved , deleting one event and the reoccurring events get deleted , and not appearing on the selected reoccurring days . very annoying .
fix the widget bugs please
any chance of getting a widget for the calendar ? ? ? ? ?
it 's alright .
not a bad app pretty good , got a few things organized with it .
there 's nothing wrong with this app , although it could be slightly better , but .... it 's just like google calendar . in fact , it 's integrated with google calendar , and all your events show up in gc . even the selections of colors in association to events and how you input information is the same . if you 're an android user , go ahead and just use the built in google calendar , if not your samsung/htc/whatever one . i have near stock android , so i get google . same difference , really .
overall good . a search feature would be great for notes . thanks
i used to love the app ... until i needed to synchronise to see my tasks to another device , then i found out syncing simply wo n't work and uninstalling/reinstalling did n't solve the issue .
i bought this because it has a really design and features , but i to uninstall it because it 's slow loading . it 's lagging .
have to go premium to have more features .
trying to sync my calendar with both my phone and tablet , and any notes and/or tasks are not syncing between my devices . having to duplicate these items is very frustrating .
it was ok
i love it . but too expensive .
the only thing not working is the reminder .. i 'm using huawei mate8 .. can somebody help me how ?
why did you show the checkboxes in widget when you ca n't even check/uncheck it via the widget ? its just so frustrating to go to the app just to check a list . other than that , this app is good .
needs to give you the option of adding pictures when note taking . if it had this option would be excellent , otherwise not a bad app .
i use it mainly for its widgets . one thing though : please fix the widgets so that the they show the current date and do n't stay put on the previous day unless manually changed .
just getting used to it but so far not bad
a bit disappointed , bought a new phone and re-download ed the app , would not bring my calander in from my old phone and asking me to repay for the full version .
but i miss the hourly blocks , made it easy to sceduale my work hours .
it doesnt update between your calanders . i need a planner that stays up to date with my calendar changes . this is not it . waste of money .
it is an ok app as far as personal entries are concerned and the connected functions of name , time and place . can not count on it to keep you informed about set calender events though as they are set default in 2014. mothers day was on the 8th ; 2nd sunday in may this year ; not wednesday the 11th . they can thank my wife for keeping me informed . it is a scheduling app and if the default events are wrong as well as uneditable how confusing will your scheduling be ? keep an accurate calendar handy .
why would i pay money to have recurring events in a planner . i think i 'll stick with my default calander app
love this planner . but whenever i use the repeat function , i cant just edit 1 event . i have to edit the rest of the events that are linked together too . would be great if i 'm able to edit jus 1 event even when im using the repeat function . would also be great if there 's a copy and paste of events function ! would make things really easier ! : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
nice
good integration with other calanders but not easy to read at a glance
do n't have option for windows surface pro
bills ,
font is too small . you have to open it up each time you want to glance at your appointments .
hodtf coder jbikhkhkm kvukb
it 's ok , but it needs more features
nice app .
sometimes quits as it starts
needs more features but i just started using it so i 'll let u know specifics soon
could be better on samsung s6 , not showing reminders on screen , have to open the same as a diary ....
not bad
i bought the allegedly better version it worked for about a month . i had all my scheduled stuff about 6 months and all of a sudden the disappeared which sucks .
i prefer to use apps in portrait mode on my 7 inch phone/tablet ( huawei mediapad x2 , 1920 * 1200 ) . when the keyboard pops up while adding a task , i can barely see what i 'm typing because the screen height is greatly reduced in landscape .
i really liked it at first but it keeps turning on the alarm for my events even though i pressed no alarm i do n't know how many times : (
would n't it be great if this app had also alerts instead of just notifications ? it 's easy to miss a notofication . also , why ca n't we edit a specific day for a repeated event , but we have to edit also all future events or nothing ?
its pretty neat , but the feedback on the paid app is pretty poor ...
my calender does not sync with this app ? how can i get it to work . it 's great otherwise . how do i sync all my calenders with the he app ?
will update down the road
i can not givey opinion , because i cant install the app .
i input my appointments and it does not ring loud enough or pop up to let me know that i have an appt . i have the paid version . am i doing something wrong . if my appt is at 11:00 do i have to input at 12:00 to get it to ring before 11 : screwy lewy . i will change my comments and rating once i get this resolved .
if you ca n't add subtasks ? everything else in the app is quite impressive except this , i added a project and it disappeared from my projects tab , and i could n't add any subtasks to it .. so it is indistinguishable from a regular task .
because it takes aiges to download : face_with_tears_of_joy : :face_with_tears_of_joy : :face_with_tears_of_joy :
good
i newly use hope it will be good
hvn try
it 's a great app do n't get me wrong but it 's a kind of over complicate things with certain widgets and etc .
widget stopped showing the correct day which makes it pretty much useless which sucks because it was the easiest way to use the app for me .. please fix ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
how do you email your tasks on it how do you sync it with the google calendar
when i goto monthly view press the date the event is on , the previous date shows up . sometimes i am able to scroll forward to the date i am looking for , but mostly not . ( for example i scroll april 24th and april 23rd shows up ) . i like the design of the app , would like to see yearly view . i also ca n't see events i posted unless i rotate the phone . but it works for tasks and notes tabs fine ?
ive downloaded all the calendar apps out there , and i like this one the most ... however , it needs to show the text on the widget not just a dot ... such a bummer because i thought i found the one .. please fix this ... youre so close to being the goto app for calenders for the switch off of the stock android calender ... eagerly awaiting the update ... 5 stars and a great review once you do it !
it 's not syncing right with my gmail . my recurring events are all messed up but , are right on my gmail ..... deciding whether to keep it or not .
yes at first attempt it look user friendly . i am pleased ! ! good app
when i 'm entering birthdays , i have to enter on the day after , or it shows up the day before ! ! i have one birthday permanently hooked to a holiday , and i ca n't edit it . fix this , please .
i have appointments on the internal calendar that do n't show on here . this includes new ones and ones i made months ago . no point in using this if i have to check another app to find all of my appointments .
notes and tasks are appearing twice
can not see events on calender , only dots . need prettier colors/themes for women .
it 's useful , but the recurring task feature is a pain in the free version .
at times it does n't even buzz or come up on my phone that i had a task to complete . i 'm not sure if this is just my phone though .
everytime i wanted to swap between month /day it lags so much .. if only it was smooth then i am very excited with the app .. i am using lenovo a7-3000
i am running this app on a droid turbo with stock lollipop installed . the app has a very nice layout but unfortunately i find it to be very buggy . it is impossible to create an event that includes monday and the app ca n't import recurring events from google calendar . i have reported these to the developers and hope the app is cleaned up soon .
good layout , unfortunately does n't sync with office 365 .
quite good , but the week widget is , imho , absolutely wrong - the order of the weekdays should be first vertical then horisontal , i.e . tuesday under monday , not to the right !
app is good but no task sync between devices is a big let down
i started playing with it and it freezes often and i do n't like how my notes have to be on that day and not just by themselves .
its good
by how clean & sleek it is . only efficient and pretty planner out there ! but the task widget doesnt update at all : ( ( ( ( (
the only problem i have come across so far is , the day calendar does not change automatically . in order to get the current date on the day calendar is to go to the month calendar and select today 's date . that said , the program and ui is better than the pre-installed calendar program .
i like the layout and it looks promising but i have at least 20 google subcalendars so i can color code things and keep them separate and it can , at best , display part of 1. no google tasks show up at all . i could be doing something wrong but there are very few options . and , everytime i go to the app , it reverts to the wrong google account on my tab .
planner isnt saving all day events . you can see an event is there in month view but when you open that day the event does not show .
nice
i have n't been using this very long and it 's not as user friendly as the calender that came on my last phone . i wish instead of dots you can just see what you have entered for that day immediately without tapping on that day . otherwise it is easy to use and functional .
i wanted this for my tablet , and like the features , like tasks , a calendar etc , but i 'm disappointed . it is locked on landscape position instead of allowing it to rotate to portrait position . if they fixed that one detail it would be a winner for me
not bad i liked it
still lags on my kitkat version
only events sync .... would have to uninstall
kinda complicated . still not used to it . i love the widgets though .
carry forward of task is amazing strength of the app . liked it ! !
i wish it would sync , so i could use it on all devices
app has kept organization relatively simple the past several weeks .. i have no prob giving this 5☆ , except having issue on my tablet viewing monthly calendar ( off-center ) .. i find myself going back & forth btwn tablet & phone .. if this is a settings issue that can be resolved , pls advise .. overall , i think the app could help many out there ..
great app for the most part . would be nice if each project a person could list goals till completion as well as being able to have a separate tasks list . one for home versus one for work .
it is a fine app !
good app
it takes me about 2-3 seconds to switch between events and tasks tabs . can you make it faster somehow ? p.s . app is great , just what i need - schedule and to-do list in one !
good
i currently use wunderlist to organize all my tasks . it would be nice to have integration with their software because g tasks is so bare bones . also , because of the limitations of the free software , i ca n't tell if the full version would integrate into my workflow because this app prohibits use of projects .
alarms are singular and not like an alarm clock ...
it 's ok for now havent really done much with the app yet
booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
for me it 's hard to use it and time taker
i wanted to try out and see how it suits me , but when i was adjusting the start and end of the day , it appears that the end of the day is not beyond 2400. ppl like me who sleep in the middle of the morning bcos of work tends to end work like 2 or 3am . especially across different timezones . if that 's fixed , i would be glad to pay for the app .
need ui refresh though , widgets need to show text on a month view , theming ... etc
govind
it does the job
does not sync with google
beautiful app ... l love the functionality and look ... however , it wo n't sync with my android phone . ( l use it on my samsung galaxy 10.1 ) unfortunately , this shortcoming really affects me , since l now have to enter everything twice : once on my tablet , then again on my phone .
i love that the app interface is so easy to use . the reason i do n't give it 5 stars is because you ca n't export notes . it would be ideal if that could be done .
i 'm using 2 calenders and 1 to do planner not including this . all has their pros and functions i want , yet they 're different in style . this is one of the best . i just love using the week view seeing at one shot , time of events laid out in planner , including notes on that day with pics uploaded if needed . it sync with my anydo planner which has a calender . but i just love how i can use this a bit differently for scheduling . best if only it has a daily mood tracker added in the notes function .
i had a problem with upgrading to premium . they were quick with their response and fixed the problem right away . it 's a good app for those familiar with the franklin covey system , and syncs well across devices .
great app . i would rate it a 5 but there 's an error where my completed tasks becomes unchecked constantly causing it to keep on becoming an unfinished task and it 's annoying .
great app and the only flaw i see is that you ca n't yet export your data . please make it so you can export data to something like pdf or something so i can save my entries forever
i love this app ! i have the pro version and the layout is very clean and organized . however , only 4 stars because it does not work on multiple devices .
i do like the straight forwardness of this system it does what it says on the tin , needs to keep developing but in the theme it 's in if it gets to clever like some systems it will loss it 's position
so far the best planner app i ever come across . room for improvement i.e . to be accessible on pc as if some other app does .
it is what i have looked for for some time . i wish it could sync 'd across multiple devices .
i wish i could create notes without having to select a date . otherwise so far so nice : nerd_face :
very easy to use . have all i need
better to have a search option for notes
this is the only app that does what it does and i love the functionality . the only problem is the app is quite buggy and i have n't seen or noticed any updates in years . would also be nice if there was a website to go with it . i am finally giving up and moving to day by day which leverages google calendar and google tasks . if google would just incorporate tasks into its calendar better , that would do it all .
good
after purchasing the pro version and having used this calendar app for almost 2 to 3 years now , i have grown to truly love it . it mimicks as close to the franklin covey planner 's to any app out there i have found and this is what has drawn me to it . i am increasing my rating to 4 stars , because i have really had time to utilize all aspects of this calendar and i love that it will sink with my google calendar and other calendars . i love this app , i only wish it could print .
osm osm osm osm
great app
events sometimes take a while to show up on the day you selected for them , other times a certain day will not be selectable . choosing midnight as an ending time for an event does n't seem to work .
cool app , seems to have all i need at this point . my only 2c would be that the widget weekly view should have the option to see the 7 days ahead rather than the current week ; if it 's a friday , i do n't really care what i did on monday , i wan na know what 's happening next monday
just installed and am liking it so far . i do wish there was a way to disable the quotes and better utilize that space to see more of my actual calendar . also sub tasks would be very useful . with those changes i might actually be able to downsize the apps i use .
i would love this app so much more if part of the calendar was n't obscured . i do n't mind the week number or anything , i just wish i could see both it and the bottom of the calendar clearly .
this app would be so much more useful to me if i could order tasks by time ! hope you guys can fix this thank you ! great app good job
have n't found how to sync between two devices yet !
i do n't quite get the categories for tasks , i hope there is an option to hide it or remove it .
just a couple of things .... i do n't like the fact that the reminders show up multiple times and i wish it had a to do list but other than that ... but other than that so far so good
i just need notification tone more than these and much more long
good job
i really like this app - its a lovely interface , simple to use and very useful to have both tasks and notes with the calendar . is there any possibility of adding a folder/tag/category function to the notes ? it would be so helpful - i make notes on a varietu of things as i go along , and its really useful to be able to store them by day , but it would also be great to be able to sort them by tags or folders . anyway - just a suggestion . otherwise a lovely app . thanks : - )
a great app . i just downloaded it and i already love it . the only issue here is slight ui bugs . november 2017 gets covered up by the tabs at the top and on the day section the date runs into the calender layout . again great app but those errors make the app look less professional . i would recommend rescaling the fragments so they fit better on the page as well as the toolbar . definitely am recommending to friends though
almost perfect . the only changes that would be helpful is a quicker way to switch from the week view to the task list . and i would like to see my tasks as a list by default instead of clicking on the task categories . also i wish that you had a rollover option for tasks , i have yet to find an app that had this : basically i wish when i create a task i could choose if the task carries forward to the next day if not completed or not .
i really like this app and ised to love it until there was an update that was stopping me from using it without upgrading . if i had to pay a one time purchase thats one thing but an annual fee ? ? give me a break . $ 5 for a planner app is reasonable if you use it all of the time but not every year . yall are greedy .
the essence and notion of this application is not just to define activities from day to day basis but to remind us that its really not about perfection ... its about progress ... this application teaches us not just to address holistically in our commitment and time management but also push drastically at the same time our attitude towards commitments .. senior project engineer here ... it really helps alot ... thank you .
i just downloaded this . the free version was definitely useful but i went ahead and got the paid version because i wanted to use the repetitive tasks and weekly planner as well . i definitely think this will be worth the purchase .
great app , but would be good if you could edit tasks after you 've written them . also would be good if it could have , a daily 'things to do list'on.calendar , which could be ticked off alongside projects /tasks .
this app is great ! but i have some suggestions that would even better improve the quality of using the app . for example , something like being able to edit the tasks widgets to show 'due soon ' instead of just tasks for that day for even better planning .
great app ! help , i unfortunately forgot my password ( i was very sure it 's correct but i 'm not sure why it says it 's wrong ) . is there anything that can be done about it ?
things were going great until i switched to a new phone .i ca n't find out how to sync my tasks and events to the new phone . i installed the app in my new phone and logged in , but the data is not there . i see that the events comes from the google calendar , and i may be able to do something about that - but how do i sync the tasks ? pls help .
awesome app ! it helps me a lot to organize my life , work and other stuffs . the features are really amazing ! would recommend this to my friends and colleagues .
i went a got the full subscription and i really like it so far , but i wish you could download it for your pc as well .
this app is great but maybe let us tick task we completed from widget as it 's annoying the app will opened up when i pressed the box to tick what i 've completed everytime
i really like this app for the most part , but i really do n't like how the month view in-app and on the widget do n't actually list out what you have on that day , just colored dots . would really like to be able to have this since i paid for the pro version , please consider !
i think that feature of changing theme should be addef and apart from that there should also be a option for showing task on thr facr of calender itselg
i would like to be able to import my contacts to it . i would give 5 stars for that
great user interface . easy to use . syncing with google calendar is a huge advantage . from to-do lists to events you can schedule anything .
i love this app . i have always been a franklin covey planner gal and this is similar to the paper planner . great search function .
the perfect planner .. only thing missing is that remimder is not working ..
could you kindly add a weekly timetable-looking kind of view ?
add alarms to notification in events or tasks and allow to add ringtone on it . love it
nice apps . but need to re download the full version .
ok
good enaught
great tool
greatly improved comment from me . much better than a year ago . most updated lead to improvement . wish the ' want an annual subscription .
it 's : thumbs_up :
almost all the functionality of the franklin planner . this is a great app !
this is the app which i use for almost a year . there is one issue i have faced recently . namely , some tasks and events do not synchronize on multiple devices where i installed the app . i 'm using this app on my android smartphone , as well as on ipad . i would be very pleased if you fix it .
nice app . but can update a function such as we can add in an attachment ( like photo ) into the task or etc will be better
works great most of the time however crashes when making my display size small . google pixel . recurring error .
would have given it 5 stars , but it does n't seem to want to rotate when using my tablet .
i like this app . it has a lot of the features i use all in one place . however , even though it lists all my google calendars , i ca n't figure out how to do anything with them . i have projects spread over a dozen calendars but i ca n't seem to add anything to any of them .
awesome app . wish had auto sort feature of priority task like franklin planner use to have .
this is a simple app , that gives me the capability of creating a to-do list , set event on my calendar and take notes ...
the calendar reminders can be very shotty but the overall app is very useful
it 's a really great app
cool
this is the best planning app i ever tried . however , i subscribed to the ads-free version but i 'm still getting a message telling me to subscribe to unlock the extra features . i also get the same message whenever i rotate the phone to landscape mode . actually , the button that advertises for the full version did not go away even after buying it .
very helpful , the best yet !
i like the app , very helpful for lots of things , however i 've lost my account twice . i 've had to uninstall it and recreate my account . very good otherwise tho
i loved this app . worked so great i purchased it . now it has logged me out and says i do n't exist .
nicely presented app . efficient . colourful .
i do n't know . it works good and i like that you can add notes to the task that is very helpful . i just kind of would like to have a better weekly view . but all in all it gets the job done .
i love this app and has been using it for more than a year , but lately it has bugs which changes the days when i opened it per-days . please fix it
like it a little even bought the pro version . but when i went to the website trying to find out how do you back up your data in the event something happens to your phone .
i just installed this gem of an app this morning , and love its ease of use . however , there is a minor problem ... the date in big numbers on the left is one day behind the monthly calendar .
great app and easy to use . would be great if there was a no date option on notes for like shopping lists ect . that are n't just for the day .
it 's generally good , but screen rotation does n't work . so , i ca n't use this app upside down in galaxy tab10 . if this problem is n't solved , i wo n't pay for the next year . it would be great if this problem is solved !
good for studying
it is helpful .
have n't been using this app for long but it seems great so far . i love that incompleted tasks roll over to the current day . i just wish you could attach attach photos or files to your notes . that would make this a 5-star review .
a today button would be helpful in the week view widget , so that you do n't have to scroll back . and also the possibility to add more accounts . are these features available in the pro version ? maybe the possibility to try it for a short period of time ...
i am the most unorganized person ever , and this app has helped me a lot . i constantly put down when my projects , tests , etc are due . i even include my days off on it . i also love that you can not down little notes with this app as well .
it was very useful for me to plan my days until the latest update which the widget shows the wrong day and i am unable switch the day ..
why on earth when i 'm on one day and create a task it schedules it for the day before that by default ? just why ?
this is a great planner app . only thing missing is the ability to rotate into portrait or even rotate 180 degrees .
would love to be able to customize the app more . need to add a dark theme and also add an agenda view .
user friendly and plenty of bells and whistles . ; )
good features n easy to use
this is what i have been finding ...
i liked it but is there a widget for the app ?
gud for organised businessman
can you add time in notes also like events
each of the features acts like it should . only two things kept this from five stars : 1 - the reminder is set by default to 15 min and there is no easy way to turn that off or set it to another time . 2 - the events are colorless , making them less at-a-glance for looking up your plans for the day . other than those two things , i 've got no complaints .
i am very pleased with this planner . it synchronizes easily with my google calendars and allows me to stay on my phone and computer with only one entry . the free version does not include search and i have not found to make use of the various to do tabs as well schedule recurring events so i am going to try the paid version and see it meets the rest of my scheduling needs .
this application is very useful in helping keep me organized and paced . the only suggestion i 'd make is on the interface . when checking off my tasks for the day the add new task button is in the way of pressing the cross off button . it 's a bit annoying but i love this app .
of all the planner apps i 've used this has been the best one . i really love the widget . a few extras i wish i had but for the free version not bad . the biggest thing that bugs me is the force use of military time in the widget
only thing i do n't like is that when creating a recurring event the date does n't show on the monthly view until you scroll over to the actual week of the event it would be a lot better if i could see those dates on the monthly view without having to scroll fix please for 5 star rating
i like this app and use it on my android phone and ios ipad . it 's easy to use , do n't need to buy anything , and is clear . i do n't love how some tasks are harder to remember and the reminder is n't how i expected , but it 's a good app .
love this app ! ! ! : grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes : only thing that bothers me is that when i put repeat on events , it only works sometimes . so just make sure it actually fills in the reoccurring days that you choose .
i have n't had any problems with it so far . just wish it had a tutorial so i can get the most from it without buying it
if only the calender icons cld stop piling up on the phobe task bar everytime one is due . so if i created 5 events to go off in an hr i 'll have 5 icons piled up on my fone . it 's not needed . or at least put an option so people cld disable it if they do n't want it .
i love that the app interface is so easy to use . the reason i do n't give it 5 stars is because you ca n't export notes . it would be ideal if that could be done .
i 'm using 2 calenders and 1 to do planner not including this . all has their pros and functions i want , yet they 're different in style . this is one of the best . i just love using the week view seeing at one shot , time of events laid out in planner , including notes on that day with pics uploaded if needed . it sync with my anydo planner which has a calender . but i just love how i can use this a bit differently for scheduling . best if only it has a daily mood tracker added in the notes function .
this is the only app that does what it does and i love the functionality . the only problem is the app is quite buggy and i have n't seen or noticed any updates in years . would also be nice if there was a website to go with it . i am finally giving up and moving to day by day which leverages google calendar and google tasks . if google would just incorporate tasks into its calendar better , that would do it all .
great app . i would rate it a 5 but there 's an error where my completed tasks becomes unchecked constantly causing it to keep on becoming an unfinished task and it 's annoying .
i had a problem with upgrading to premium . they were quick with their response and fixed the problem right away . it 's a good app for those familiar with the franklin covey system , and syncs well across devices .
good
after purchasing the pro version and having used this calendar app for almost 2 to 3 years now , i have grown to truly love it . it mimicks as close to the franklin covey planner 's to any app out there i have found and this is what has drawn me to it . i am increasing my rating to 4 stars , because i have really had time to utilize all aspects of this calendar and i love that it will sink with my google calendar and other calendars . i love this app , i only wish it could print .
great app
osm osm osm osm
great app and the only flaw i see is that you ca n't yet export your data . please make it so you can export data to something like pdf or something so i can save my entries forever
so far the best planner app i ever come across . room for improvement i.e . to be accessible on pc as if some other app does .
events sometimes take a while to show up on the day you selected for them , other times a certain day will not be selectable . choosing midnight as an ending time for an event does n't seem to work .
i love this app ! i have the pro version and the layout is very clean and organized . however , only 4 stars because it does not work on multiple devices .
it is what i have looked for for some time . i wish it could sync 'd across multiple devices .
i wish i could create notes without having to select a date . otherwise so far so nice : nerd_face :
i do like the straight forwardness of this system it does what it says on the tin , needs to keep developing but in the theme it 's in if it gets to clever like some systems it will loss it 's position
better to have a search option for notes
very easy to use . have all i need
i would love this app so much more if part of the calendar was n't obscured . i do n't mind the week number or anything , i just wish i could see both it and the bottom of the calendar clearly .
it takes time burpt good but it keeps getting out like you ca n't login
i do n't quite get the categories for tasks , i hope there is an option to hide it or remove it .
this app would be so much more useful to me if i could order tasks by time ! hope you guys can fix this thank you ! great app good job
cool app , seems to have all i need at this point . my only 2c would be that the widget weekly view should have the option to see the 7 days ahead rather than the current week ; if it 's a friday , i do n't really care what i did on monday , i wan na know what 's happening next monday
just a couple of things .... i do n't like the fact that the reminders show up multiple times and i wish it had a to do list but other than that ... but other than that so far so good
great
just installed and am liking it so far . i do wish there was a way to disable the quotes and better utilize that space to see more of my actual calendar . also sub tasks would be very useful . with those changes i might actually be able to downsize the apps i use .
i just need notification tone more than these and much more long
seems like there is a bug when trying to sync my notes to my dropbox account . would give you 5 stars if fixed .
have n't found how to sync between two devices yet !
good job
things were going great until i switched to a new phone .i ca n't find out how to sync my tasks and events to the new phone . i installed the app in my new phone and logged in , but the data is not there . i see that the events comes from the google calendar , and i may be able to do something about that - but how do i sync the tasks ? pls help .
awesome
great user interface . easy to use . syncing with google calendar is a huge advantage . from to-do lists to events you can schedule anything .
i love this app . i have always been a franklin covey planner gal and this is similar to the paper planner . great search function .
great tool
i really like this app for the most part , but i really do n't like how the month view in-app and on the widget do n't actually list out what you have on that day , just colored dots . would really like to be able to have this since i paid for the pro version , please consider !
i like this app . it has a lot of the features i use all in one place . however , even though it lists all my google calendars , i ca n't figure out how to do anything with them . i have projects spread over a dozen calendars but i ca n't seem to add anything to any of them .
its pretty good .
could you kindly add a weekly timetable-looking kind of view ?
nice apps . but need to re download the full version .
great app , but would be good if you could edit tasks after you 've written them . also would be good if it could have , a daily 'things to do list'on.calendar , which could be ticked off alongside projects /tasks .
overall a good app but i would also like the option of switching from landscape view .
add alarms to notification in events or tasks and allow to add ringtone on it . love it
great very usefull , please add fitur search to find an old note
a great app . i just downloaded it and i already love it . the only issue here is slight ui bugs . november 2017 gets covered up by the tabs at the top and on the day section the date runs into the calender layout . again great app but those errors make the app look less professional . i would recommend rescaling the fragments so they fit better on the page as well as the toolbar . definitely am recommending to friends though
good enaught
ok
the perfect planner .. only thing missing is that remimder is not working ..
this app is great but maybe let us tick task we completed from widget as it 's annoying the app will opened up when i pressed the box to tick what i 've completed everytime
i think that feature of changing theme should be addef and apart from that there should also be a option for showing task on thr facr of calender itselg
i would like to be able to import my contacts to it . i would give 5 stars for that
the essence and notion of this application is not just to define activities from day to day basis but to remind us that its really not about perfection ... its about progress ... this application teaches us not just to address holistically in our commitment and time management but also push drastically at the same time our attitude towards commitments .. senior project engineer here ... it really helps alot ... thank you .
i really like this app - its a lovely interface , simple to use and very useful to have both tasks and notes with the calendar . is there any possibility of adding a folder/tag/category function to the notes ? it would be so helpful - i make notes on a varietu of things as i go along , and its really useful to be able to store them by day , but it would also be great to be able to sort them by tags or folders . anyway - just a suggestion . otherwise a lovely app . thanks : - )
awesome app ! it helps me a lot to organize my life , work and other stuffs . the features are really amazing ! would recommend this to my friends and colleagues .
almost perfect . the only changes that would be helpful is a quicker way to switch from the week view to the task list . and i would like to see my tasks as a list by default instead of clicking on the task categories . also i wish that you had a rollover option for tasks , i have yet to find an app that had this : basically i wish when i create a task i could choose if the task carries forward to the next day if not completed or not .
i like it
i went a got the full subscription and i really like it so far , but i wish you could download it for your pc as well .
it 's cool
i just downloaded this . the free version was definitely useful but i went ahead and got the paid version because i wanted to use the repetitive tasks and weekly planner as well . i definitely think this will be worth the purchase .
i really like this app and ised to love it until there was an update that was stopping me from using it without upgrading . if i had to pay a one time purchase thats one thing but an annual fee ? ? give me a break . $ 5 for a planner app is reasonable if you use it all of the time but not every year . yall are greedy .
this app is great ! but i have some suggestions that would even better improve the quality of using the app . for example , something like being able to edit the tasks widgets to show 'due soon ' instead of just tasks for that day for even better planning .
great app ! help , i unfortunately forgot my password ( i was very sure it 's correct but i 'm not sure why it says it 's wrong ) . is there anything that can be done about it ?
this is a great planner app . only thing missing is the ability to rotate into portrait or even rotate 180 degrees .
the app was working fine until i removed google now . now the widgets will not show on home page .
planned not bad
this is the app which i use for almost a year . there is one issue i have faced recently . namely , some tasks and events do not synchronize on multiple devices where i installed the app . i 'm using this app on my android smartphone , as well as on ipad . i would be very pleased if you fix it .
greatly improved comment from me . much better than a year ago . most updated lead to improvement . wish the ' want an annual subscription .
it 's : thumbs_up :
almost all the functionality of the franklin planner . this is a great app !
the calendar reminders can be very shotty but the overall app is very useful
this is a simple app , that gives me the capability of creating a to-do list , set event on my calendar and take notes ...
it 's a really great app
if only the calender icons cld stop piling up on the phobe task bar everytime one is due . so if i created 5 events to go off in an hr i 'll have 5 icons piled up on my fone . it 's not needed . or at least put an option so people cld disable it if they do n't want it .
cool
this planner pro is very nice and better for you time schedule
awesome app . wish had auto sort feature of priority task like franklin planner use to have .
works great most of the time however crashes when making my display size small . google pixel . recurring error .
nice app . but can update a function such as we can add in an attachment ( like photo ) into the task or etc will be better
would have given it 5 stars , but it does n't seem to want to rotate when using my tablet .
this is the best planning app i ever tried . however , i subscribed to the ads-free version but i 'm still getting a message telling me to subscribe to unlock the extra features . i also get the same message whenever i rotate the phone to landscape mode . actually , the button that advertises for the full version did not go away even after buying it .
very helpful , the best yet !
i like the app , very helpful for lots of things , however i 've lost my account twice . i 've had to uninstall it and recreate my account . very good otherwise tho
nicely presented app . efficient . colourful .
i loved this app . worked so great i purchased it . now it has logged me out and says i do n't exist .
i do n't know . it works good and i like that you can add notes to the task that is very helpful . i just kind of would like to have a better weekly view . but all in all it gets the job done .
like it a little even bought the pro version . but when i went to the website trying to find out how do you back up your data in the event something happens to your phone .
i love this app and has been using it for more than a year , but lately it has bugs which changes the days when i opened it per-days . please fix it
it 's a nice planner , i just prefer a different layout . i also do n't care for the color .
i just installed this gem of an app this morning , and love its ease of use . however , there is a minor problem ... the date in big numbers on the left is one day behind the monthly calendar .
great app and easy to use . would be great if there was a no date option on notes for like shopping lists ect . that are n't just for the day .
it 's generally good , but screen rotation does n't work . so , i ca n't use this app upside down in galaxy tab10 . if this problem is n't solved , i wo n't pay for the next year . it would be great if this problem is solved !
it is helpful .
love the layout , and automatic carryover of tasks to next day . one problem : i have installed planner pro on my ipad and my android phone . the calendar events and tasks can not be synced between my two devices . very frustrated . please add this sync feature soon .
however there are a few bugs . every so often one of my recurring tasks will appear twice on one day and i have to delete it . the synchronization with drop box is n't good enough to use on two devices . i would be useful if you could choose 'third sunday of every month ' for recurring tasks
good for studying
i like this app and use it on my android phone and ios ipad . it 's easy to use , do n't need to buy anything , and is clear . i do n't love how some tasks are harder to remember and the reminder is n't how i expected , but it 's a good app .
have n't been using this app for long but it seems great so far . i love that incompleted tasks roll over to the current day . i just wish you could attach attach photos or files to your notes . that would make this a 5-star review .
would love to be able to customize the app more . need to add a dark theme and also add an agenda view .
a today button would be helpful in the week view widget , so that you do n't have to scroll back . and also the possibility to add more accounts . are these features available in the pro version ? maybe the possibility to try it for a short period of time ...
i liked it but is there a widget for the app ?
it was the best just one thing is not good : expressionless_face : that is not hard i need to reorder by finger rapid and soft like wunderlist and others ... ( i do n't wan na to go in task and change priority : man_facepalming : it 's so hard to imagine : thinking_face : that work was what ? .. ) you are great ! thank you .
you win , take my money . i have been using this app for many years and never bought the upgrade . i recently upgraded to the s10 , and between bixby , google , and many planning apps , i just could n't separate myself from this one . i simply have not found an app that 's easier to add and complete tasks . also the task widget is just hands down better than every other one out there . so fine , if you want to add fullscreen ads ( and have the audacity to include sound ) then take my money you can have it .
i have never seen a more beautifully designed calendar+planner app . easy on eyes , strikes a great balance between functionality and simplicity ( google and microsoft calendar apps should take inspiration from this ) and ... just great . when i start earning i 'm definitely going to buy this app just to show gratitude : )
this is the best planing app i could find on the play store . it syncs with my google calendar enabling it to be an all inclusive planner , but also has lots of personal orginazational abilities . i am very impressed with this planner and would recommend it to anyone who likes to be very well planned .
amazing work done for this app . i have looked for a long time for an app which was fast , well developed and really easy to use . keep this way always !
best planner out there ! i love the ability to take notes , journal , track projects , schedule events and to-dos all in one place . excellent ! ! !
amazing app , meets requirements , and even excels them . well done on this app , and notifications , notes and reminders are all taken care if and safely delivered to you on time . : red_heart :
great support , ads were displayed , dev had it fixed in a day . thank you , and great product . it 's the closest thing to a franklin planner i have found .
this is by far the best overall organizer app i have found . my only complaint would be the lack of multi tiered tasks .
helps me to organize my day when i do n't have my physical planner at hand held me to remember important and vidal tasks that help sort out my family and daily routines while allowing to add onto my busy schedules throughout the week also able to sort out the important tasks by colour coordination . thank you for the opportunity to have a great planner at my : backhand_index_pointing_up : fingertips
i really like the planner , it helps me achieve my tasks , goals & have an avenue to scribe my ideas down . double thumbs up !
would pay for this if there were even more additions and updates . absolutely love it and wish they would develop it even further
i like the clear & unclutter look , everything is organized .. wished i could export it without having to pay extra .
i 've used planner pro for 5 years or more now . could n't do without it .
this aponit the best . i think it 's great . i love how you can set tasks and reminders .
very nice app . i frequently used it since 2014. until now .
love this app ! just wish i could use it on my surface pro as well as my phone .
handy for me when i need to plan out everything that needs to be done . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :thumbs_up :
keeps me organised very happy with would be even better if it had functions to support dsylexia sufferes .
very easy to use
very useful apps . you must try it
love great date keeper
this app is super helpful ! 10/10
its ok but we can not undestad repeated task shedule
user friendly . nice .
my favorite planner : slightly_smiling_face :
i love it help me organiza my plans
great for stalking
i love this app
it 's a good app .
it is so good
great , use it daily . quick and easy when i 'm in a hurry . would be nice to have a vehicle checklists ... etc
xxx
good simple screen , best i 've seen for a while . also brings together calendar , tasks and notes .
great app
brilliant
excellent
very useful
vb
excellent app .
sooow good
good app
good
i have long been an advocate of the stephen covey 7 habits weekly planner approach . this is the first app i 've found that gives me the capability i need to do that well . i use the `` projects '' section to set up my `` roles and goals , '' and then transfer them to my weekly calendar . my only wish is that the tablet and phone app worked with their desktop app ; it does not , as far as i can tell .
hi , i love this app and have been using it for a while now ( it is the only one that have calendar and to-do fit togheter ) , the only thing that i would add for my needs is the possibility to share with others our activities . even in the paid version seems to not have this feature . are you guys planning to add it on ?
i like using this app , helps me write when i most need it and has helped me use it whenever i ca n't explain or express myself . so thank you : herb : :red_heart :
needs a recipe section and separate lists for different members of family .
it 's very optimised for everyday notifications , notes , list making and planning in general . the widget is quite handy , offering a preview of all the day of the week and tasks and events you have written down ! my recommendation .
this calendar is lovely to use . minimalist , asthetically pleasing and exactly the functions ( and view options ) i was looking for . love it !
it is a great app and it helps me keep my schoolwork on time
i love this app , it combined of my calendars and keeps me on task .
a great way to set reminders for birthdays or any type of event
hope there 'll be a tab for events
i 'll try this one
exactly what i was looking for ... needs improvement in terms of features .
this is what i was looking for .. thanks guys
easy to use and easy to keep organized !
it was so easy to use
awesome creativity !
reached to my satisfaction
house , :woman_medium-dark_skin_tone :
like
awesome
good
great
great integration on google apps , especially calendar . attachs pictures , allows you to prioritize . great to have . my friends have been asking , `` how do you remember everything '' ? it 's proplanner .
great to help organize
i 'm obsessed with this app . i love that you can make separate checklists for different types of tasks . i love having the ability to categorize my tasks/chores so i do n't end up getting overwhelmed by the long list . not only that , but you can sort your lists by due date , priority , or in alphabetical order and set tasks to repeat on certain days of the week instead of every so many days . the widgets are gorgeous and it 's so easy to use the checklists without opening the app . i 've never been so on top of things . oh and the calendar links to google so i do n't ever have to worry about losing or transferring events . this app is exactly what i 've been looking for . i 'm so glad i finally found it ! !
the planner pro is very helpful and works as it mentioned . addition of a black background will makes the app more attractive other issue i encountered is when ever set a passcode the app log out automatically showing a dialouge box that your password has been changed , and when i try to log in using password on next screen it prompt for passcode and the app do n't open with correct passcode.so now i set passcode and password same so now the app works fine .
is there any way to link the planner with your laptop ? if my phone breaks or is lost will i lose everything in the planner ?
i really find this very useful and easy to use . very user friendly . only problem is there is no way to delete all completed tasks ... it has to be done one by one . any chance of fixing that ?
best app to keep me up to date . helps me remember all my tasks along with their due dates . i tried many apps to help me remember my tasks ( as my memory is a bit weak ) , but i must say that this app has best helped me . i just loved it .
in love with this app ! i use it everyday , all the time . i have bad memory , so this app always helps me at keeping track of things !
absolutely amazing . the only planner app i can actually successfully use . i 'm really bad with these and my brain seems to like this one 's straightforward interface .
almost perfect . simple to use . i like that you can add tasks for each day . however you do n't get the week view on the free version . annoying !
really amazing and helped me sooo much just i hope that it can be sharable by more than one person for group planning one line and it will be world organizer or making groups ... thanx for developers
this app is great ! love how it harnesses events , task , and notes all in one simple interface ! i would love to see a google chrome version ! would n't suggest changing much , it would just be more convenient to plan everything out using a desktop or laptop rather than using a phone or tablet . also , the widget functions need some improvement . if possible it would be nice to see a daily widget with events tasks and notes for the day . overall really like the app !
this app is great . it keeps me on track with things i need to do ! works great for me and i dont have any major problems at all .
i had heard good thing so i looked at it and it was so easy to store all of my plans due to the fact that i have such a busy week
i love the app ! i am a big procrastinater and this makes me so much more organized ! it tells me when to move on and does n't waste my time ! thank you ! ! : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
this is just what i was needing ! i love it ! only one thing i 'd change : please make the colored calendar dots larger ! ! ! thanks
this is awesome , my life is easily organised with this app , and i could look at everything and visualize in a whole calendar . : d
it 's an amazing app . does what it promises . easy to use and a cool feature is it pushes due tasks to the next day which helps a lot .
just installed and all of my events seamlessly transferred to this planner . if i could give 100 stars i would .
after trying about 6 other similar apps , i bought this one again . had it for iphone , now on android . i like the option to prioritize my tasks .
was able to get every thing done that i needed in a short simple manner thanks it worked for me !
good app . i use it to daily to keep track of everything . it works well .
very helpful so i can remember what to do on that day !
lovely . just a question . can we have a desktop version ? is there any plan ?
a great supportive tool for google calendar . love it !
dose what it says on the tin : fallen_leaf : it would be great if they could add a timetable page to it otherwise i think it 's very useful .
good features and easy to use . i hope i can see my tasks and events at the lock screen . thanks .
the next best thing to the classic planner .
very good tool to organize my days .. thank
i love this . i use it all the time to keep track of client appointments , as well as keep notes of events . extremely easy to use and set up . a+
allow notes and tasks sync to google drive with date & time stamps .
just the app i wanted ! perfect ...
overall it is a great app but i need to open the app everytime i need to check something , i hope this app makes a widget to fit in the home screen
it sometimes crashes a lot ! !
really useful and easy to use . would be great if you could attach pictures to the notes section
great , use it daily . quick and easy when i 'm in a hurry . would be nice to have a vehicle checklists ... etc
love great date keeper
it was the best just one thing is not good : expressionless_face : that is not hard i need to reorder by finger rapid and soft like wunderlist and others ... ( i do n't wan na to go in task and change priority : man_facepalming : it 's so hard to imagine : thinking_face : that work was what ? .. ) you are great ! thank you .
xxx
great for stalking
great app
my favorite planner : slightly_smiling_face :
brilliant
good simple screen , best i 've seen for a while . also brings together calendar , tasks and notes .
my dày
i 've used planner pro for 5 years or more now . could n't do without it .
very useful
best planner out there ! i love the ability to take notes , journal , track projects , schedule events and to-dos all in one place . excellent ! ! !
great job
this is the best planing app i could find on the play store . it syncs with my google calendar enabling it to be an all inclusive planner , but also has lots of personal orginazational abilities . i am very impressed with this planner and would recommend it to anyone who likes to be very well planned .
excellent
love it
this aponit the best . i think it 's great . i love how you can set tasks and reminders .
very nice app . i frequently used it since 2014. until now .
good
this app is super helpful ! 10/10
great support , ads were displayed , dev had it fixed in a day . thank you , and great product . it 's the closest thing to a franklin planner i have found .
: smiling_face_with_heart-eyes :
this is by far the best overall organizer app i have found . my only complaint would be the lack of multi tiered tasks .
i have never seen a more beautifully designed calendar+planner app . easy on eyes , strikes a great balance between functionality and simplicity ( google and microsoft calendar apps should take inspiration from this ) and ... just great . when i start earning i 'm definitely going to buy this app just to show gratitude : )
good app
it is so good
you win , take my money . i have been using this app for many years and never bought the upgrade . i recently upgraded to the s10 , and between bixby , google , and many planning apps , i just could n't separate myself from this one . i simply have not found an app that 's easier to add and complete tasks . also the task widget is just hands down better than every other one out there . so fine , if you want to add fullscreen ads ( and have the audacity to include sound ) then take my money you can have it .
good
excellent app .
vb
user friendly . nice .
its ok but we can not undestad repeated task shedule
i really like the planner , it helps me achieve my tasks , goals & have an avenue to scribe my ideas down . double thumbs up !
: beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes : * * * * : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
very useful apps . you must try it
would pay for this if there were even more additions and updates . absolutely love it and wish they would develop it even further
sooow good
amazing work done for this app . i have looked for a long time for an app which was fast , well developed and really easy to use . keep this way always !
helps me to organize my day when i do n't have my physical planner at hand held me to remember important and vidal tasks that help sort out my family and daily routines while allowing to add onto my busy schedules throughout the week also able to sort out the important tasks by colour coordination . thank you for the opportunity to have a great planner at my : backhand_index_pointing_up : fingertips
i like the clear & unclutter look , everything is organized .. wished i could export it without having to pay extra .
keeps me organised very happy with would be even better if it had functions to support dsylexia sufferes .
it 's a good app .
love this app ! just wish i could use it on my surface pro as well as my phone .
handy for me when i need to plan out everything that needs to be done . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : :thumbs_up :
amazing app , meets requirements , and even excels them . well done on this app , and notifications , notes and reminders are all taken care if and safely delivered to you on time . : red_heart :
very easy to use
like
i love this app
i love it help me organiza my plans
awesome creativity !
love it found it
easy to use and easy to keep organized !
e u
i 'll try this one
love it
i like using this app , helps me write when i most need it and has helped me use it whenever i ca n't explain or express myself . so thank you : herb : :red_heart :
i have long been an advocate of the stephen covey 7 habits weekly planner approach . this is the first app i 've found that gives me the capability i need to do that well . i use the `` projects '' section to set up my `` roles and goals , '' and then transfer them to my weekly calendar . my only wish is that the tablet and phone app worked with their desktop app ; it does not , as far as i can tell .
wow
i love this app , it combined of my calendars and keeps me on task .
hi , i love this app and have been using it for a while now ( it is the only one that have calendar and to-do fit togheter ) , the only thing that i would add for my needs is the possibility to share with others our activities . even in the paid version seems to not have this feature . are you guys planning to add it on ?
exactly what i was looking for ... needs improvement in terms of features .
reached to my satisfaction
osm app : face_savoring_food :
house , :woman_medium-dark_skin_tone :
it good
its nice easy to use but has lots of functions
awesome
a great way to set reminders for birthdays or any type of event
this calendar is lovely to use . minimalist , asthetically pleasing and exactly the functions ( and view options ) i was looking for . love it !
awesome
love it
wow amazing
hope there 'll be a tab for events
this is what i was looking for .. thanks guys
it 's very optimised for everyday notifications , notes , list making and planning in general . the widget is quite handy , offering a preview of all the day of the week and tasks and events you have written down ! my recommendation .
it is a great app and it helps me keep my schoolwork on time
awesome
so efficient
needs a recipe section and separate lists for different members of family .
amazing ! ! ! !
love
great
it was so easy to use
great to help organize
great integration on google apps , especially calendar . attachs pictures , allows you to prioritize . great to have . my friends have been asking , `` how do you remember everything '' ? it 's proplanner .
it cool an usefull
i love this . i use it all the time to keep track of client appointments , as well as keep notes of events . extremely easy to use and set up . a+
very good app i loved it like anything
uxch shush
very good
i really loved it . i 'm more organized :3
really useful and easy to use . would be great if you could attach pictures to the notes section
love this app ..... helps in daily tasks ....
it 's a good planner app .
i believe that this is by far the best app with helping ppl keep track of a lot of daily task and reminders . it 's easy to function understand & it syncs with my google calendar which is an a+ in my book .
it sometimes crashes a lot ! !
works well for what i need
love it .
really amazing and helped me sooo much just i hope that it can be sharable by more than one person for group planning one line and it will be world organizer or making groups ... thanx for developers
